    #Express.co.uk Search Express.co.uk Tennis RSS Feed

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. logo_christmas

   Discount codes Puzzles Horoscopes Express Rated Shop Paper
   Login Register
     * Your Account
     * Sign Out

   7°C
   Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * HOME
     * News
     * Showbiz & TV
     * Sport
     * Comment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Entertainment
     * Life & Style

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Other
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

     * Home
     * Sport
     * Tennis

   Boxing Day sales

Rafael Nadal makes 'foreigner' comment after concluding tennis tour in Mexico

Rafael Nadal concluded his exhibition tour of South American in Mexico on
Friday and spoke of the special feelings he has each time he visits the
country

   By Liam Llewellyn
   15:30, Sun, Dec 4, 2022 | UPDATED: 15:32, Sun, Dec 4, 2022
   Link copied

Nadal has a chance encounter with Serena Williams in June

   ____________________ (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE Invalid email

   We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and
   to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us
   and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any
   time. More info

   Rafael Nadal has claimed he feels at home while in Mexico as part of
   his South American exhibition tour. The Spaniard travelled to several
   countries around the continent to contest some light-hearted matches
   with Casper Ruud.

Related articles

     * Nadal and Kyrgios already have rematch date after Wimbledon
       walkover
     * Nadal paid heartwarming tribute by Ruud as 'spectacular' impact
       lauded

   The pair visited Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia before
   concluding the tour in Mexico. After defeating the Norwegian 7-6, 6-4
   at the Plaza de Toros in the last match of their tour, the 36-year-old
   commented on the welcome he receives each time he visits.

   "When I'm in Mexico I don't feel like a stranger, I don't feel like a
   foreigner, in the end when you're in a country where we speak the same
   language and there are more things that unite us, when I arrive here I
   feel at home," he said. “The reception of the people I feel is
   spectacular. It is a country where people know how to have fun, a happy
   country.

   “And well, in all the places I have been in the country in Cozumel,
   Tulum, Playa Mujeres, and Acapulco, I have always been happy. I have
   always taken good memories of the places, but also of the people, of
   the food, of everything, and that always encourages me to come back.”

   JUST IN: Emma Raducanu enjoys break from tennis woes by watching Tyson
   Fury beat Derek Chisora


   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Rafael Nadal said he feels like home whenever he is in Mexico (Image:
   Getty)

   The world number two has enjoyed plenty of success in Mexico, winning
   the Acapulco Open four times, and is currently its reigning champion.
   He has thrilled the Mexican fans with his supreme ability over the
   years, but the 22-time grand slam champion claimed he may not play
   there again, having confirmed he will not defend his title in 2023.

   “It will most likely be the last time I play in Mexico, Acapulco 2023
   is not on my calendar and the 2024 season seems far away,” he
   explained. “Now is the time to enjoy this moment to the fullest and
   play in an emblematic setting, with many people and in a country where
   I have always felt loved.”

   However, Nadal did not suggest he would be retiring, but between the
   lines he may be reducing his activities as he gets closer to the end of
   his career to maintain his fitness, with injury problems blighting
   recent seasons. “For me the main thing right now is to be able to get
   to the important tournaments in full physical condition,” he added.
   DON'T MISS
   Rafa Nadal drops hint that Roger Federer will be the source for
   prolonging tennis career
   Rafael Nadal provides update on his body after multiple injury setbacks
   in 2022
   Rafael Nadal makes Roger Federer comeback promise and hints plans
   already underway

   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Nadal and Casper Ruud concluded their South American exhibition tour on
   Friday (Image: Getty)

   “I continue to enjoy day-by-day and I continue to have goals that
   excite me at a professional level. I’m going to try to achieve them
   until my body or mind says enough.

   "At the moment, that hasn’t happened so I want to continue. I am happy
   doing what I do, I love competing on the big stages and the love of the
   people encouraged me to continue.”

   Nadal is set to commence his 2023 season when he leads Spain in the
   inaugural United Cup, an annual mixed team event set to be played in
   Brisbane, Perth and Sydney from December 29 to January 8 next year.

Related articles

     * Rafa Nadal explains difference between Federer and Djokovic
       rivalries
     * Rafael Nadal retirement prediction after tennis legend roared back
     * Rafael Nadal filmed at 2am playing football in airport

   Rafael Nadal

  Most read in Tennis

  Latest videos

   Antoine Griezmann Karim Benzema feud executive meeting World Cup
   football news

Antoine Griezmann and Karim Benzema feud almost triggered 'executive meeting'
at World Cup

   emmerdale spoilers caleb milligan daughter chloe harris

Emmerdale fans 'work out' newcomer Caleb Milligan already has daughter in the
village

   Christian Horner mince pies carrot Santa Xmas plate Red Bull F1 news

Christian Horner leaves unusual item alongside mince pies and carrot on
Santa's Xmas plate

   Chelsea transfer news Joao Felix loan Todd Boehly clause Atletico
   Madrid Man Utd

Chelsea 'plotting Joao Felix loan' as Todd Boehly has favourable clause to
beat Man Utd

   The Voice Kids Emma Willis tears son Ace age rule breakers podcast

The Voice Kids host Emma Willis burst into tears discussing how son Ace
‘opened her eyes’

   Chelsea offered Leandro Trossard Liverpool decision premier league
   January transfer news

Chelsea 'offered' Leandro Trossard signing as Liverpool make decision on
January transfer

   jennie bond king charles prince harry meghan markle christmas speech

Jennie Bond defends 'dignified' King Charles for omitting Harry and Meghan
from speech

   Elvis Presley Lisa Marie golf cart

Elvis: How Lisa Marie took blame for 'terrified' childhood friend in front of
The King

   Jamie Redknapp fury chef cooked Christmas dinner family wife Frida
   harry Redknapp news

Jamie Redknapp sparks fury as he boasts chef cooked Christmas dinner: 'Have
some respect!'

   Debt cost of living crisis Christmas

‘Don’t ignore it!’: Tips to help struggling Britons facing mounting debt
after Christmas

   Emma Raducanu Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Iga Swiatek 2023 tennis
   predictions

Emma Raducanu divides opinion while Djokovic returns to the top - 2023 tennis
predictions

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic tennis news

Nick Kyrgios defends exhibition he played with Novak Djokovic after former
pro hit out

   rafael nadal treatment incurable injury tennis news

Rafael Nadal admits extent of treatment for 'incurable' injury that almost
ended career

   Emma Raducanu Sonay Kartal childhood rival criticism exclusive tennis
   news

Emma Raducanu's childhood rival hits back at Brit's 'unfortunate' criticism -
EXCLUSIVE

   Nick Kyrgios secret weapon best ever year girlfriend Australian Open
   tennis news

Nick Kyrgios reveals 'secret weapon' behind his best ever year ahead of
Australian Open

   Rafael Nadal interview Nick Kyrgios Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal discusses blockbuster Nick Kyrgios clash in perfect Australian
Open prep

   Rafael Nadal retirement tennis news Roger Federer

Rafael Nadal shares retirement wish and admits Roger Federer quitting tennis
was ‘hard'

   Rafael Nadal Novak Djokovic Roger Federer GOAT race hopes tennis news

Rafael Nadal gives rare insight into Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer GOAT
race hopes

   Breakout tennis stars 2023 to watch jack draper tennis news

Breakout tennis stars to watch in 2023 including Britain's Jack Draper

   Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Roger Federer GOAT race slammed Holger Rune
   exclusive tennis

Djokovic, Nadal and Federer GOAT race slammed by young star who 'hates'
debate - EXCLUSIVE

   Rafa Nadal explains Carlos Alcaraz Stefanos Tsitsipas Alexander Zverev
   tennis news

Rafa Nadal explains why Carlos Alcaraz has been more successful than
Tsitsipas and Zverev

   Rafael Nadal tennis news Wimbledon

Rafael Nadal shares Wimbledon heartbreak after losing best chance to injury
sorrows

   Novak Djokovic hit ball collapse World Tennis League tie Sania Mirza

Novak Djokovic drops to ground after being hit by ball in World Tennis League
tie

   Rafael Nadal regret broken rib injury turning point tennis news

Rafael Nadal recalls regret of competing with broken rib in 'difficult'
turning point

   Nick Kyrgios Netflix's Break Point tennis

Nick Kyrgios claims Netflix's Break Point 'perfect' and 'exactly what tennis
needed'

   Stefanos Tsitsipas Novak Djokovic tactics world No 1 ATP rankings
   tennis news

Stefanos Tsitsipas using Novak Djokovic tactics in bid to reach world No 1

   Australian Open Novak Djokovic private chats Craig Tiley ban tennis
   news

Australian Open boss discloses private Novak Djokovic chats ahead of return
from ban

   Carlos Alcaraz Novak Djokovic hunting ground Wimbledon tennis news

Carlos Alcaraz targets Novak Djokovic's hunting ground as teen stakes
Wimbledon claim

   Andy Murray doubt teaming Jamie Murray Battle of Brits win

Andy Murray casts doubt on teaming up with Jamie Murray again after Battle of
Brits win

   Nick Kyrgios Australian Open retire wins Grand Slam

Nick Kyrgios 'not looking forward' to Australian Open and vows to retire if
he wins it

   Boris Becker reunited mum Elvira prison release tennis news

Boris Becker finally reunited with 'overjoyed' 87-year-old mum a week after
prison release

   Murray brothers Battle of the Brits tennis news

Murray brothers take victory in Battle of the Brits in what could be final
swansong

SEARCH

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

CONNECT WITH US

     * Find us on Facebook
     * Follow us on Twitter
     * Subscribe to our rss feed

TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Monday, 26th December 2022

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

News

     * UK
     * Politics
     * Royal
     * World
     * US
     * Science
     * Weather
     * Weird
     * History
     * Nature
     * Sunday
     * Obituaries

Latest News

     * Brexit
     * European Union
     * Theresa May
     * Angela Merkel
     * Donald Trump
     * The Queen
     * Kate Middleton
     * Meghan Markle
     * Diesel
     * Cancer
     * Diabetes
     * Dementia
     * YouTube
     * InYourArea

Showbiz & TV

     * TV & Radio
     * Celebrity News

Sport

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * Premier League
     * Manchester United
     * Liverpool
     * Arsenal
     * Chelsea
     * Tottenham Hotspur
     * Manchester City
     * West Ham
     * Everton
     * Celtic
     * Rangers
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

Comment

     * Columnists
     * Express Comment

Finance

     * City & Business
     * Personal Finance
     * The Crusader

Travel

     * Travel News
     * Activity Holidays
     * Cruise
     * Beach Holidays
     * Short & City breaks

Express Rated

     * Best VPN
     * Best Sky Deals
     * Best Mattress
     * Best Dating Sites
     * Best UK
       Broadband Deals
     * Freeview
     * Samsung
     * Sky
     * Android
     * Apple
     * Black Friday

Entertainment

     * Films
     * Gaming
     * Music
     * Books
     * Theatre
     * Express Wins

Life & Style

     * Style
     * Diets
     * Health
     * Garden
     * Tech
     * Property
     * Life
     * Cars
     * Food
     * OK! Beauty
       Box Subscription

EXPRESS.CO.UK

     * Play Express Wins
     * Apps
     * Puzzles
     * Horoscopes
     * Discount codes
     * Partner Stories
     * Shop
     * Hopsmore Beer Club
     * Paper
     * Sitemap
     * Site Archive
     * About Us
     * Journalists
     * How to Complain
     * Report a Tech Issue
     * Advertising
     * Affiliate advertising
     * Cookies Settings
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Terms & Conditions
     * Community Standards
     * Developed by Netro42
     * Syndication and Licensing
     * Clarifications and Corrections

   IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2022 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a
   registered trademark. All rights reserved.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NX7XL77

   Facebook pixel
