<lang="ENG_foreigner">
<page="url_foreigner-1">
<text>
   #The Local » Feed The Local » Comments Feed The Local » LISTEN: How
   will the new government affect foreigners’ lives in Sweden? Comments
   Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NMLDXPL

   Read news from:
   Austria
     * Europe
     * Austria
     * Denmark
     * France
     * Germany
     * Italy
     * Norway
     * Spain
     * Sweden
     * Switzerland

   Sweden's news in English
   The Local
     * News
          + Politics
          + Travel news
          + Covid-19
          + Brexit
     * Podcast
     * Practical tips
          + Moving to Sweden
          + Studying in Sweden
          + Living costs
          + Reader questions
          + Swedish citizenship
          + Pensions
          + Tax
          + Visas
     * Learn about Sweden
          + Travel – Discover Sweden
          + Swedish cuisine
          + Swedish history
          + Swedish habits
          + Swedish traditions
     * Property
          + Renting
          + Find rentals
     * Jobs
          + Working in Sweden
     * Learning Swedish

Sections

   Latest newsSweden in Focus PodcastCovid-19Practical tips
   Sweden: Learn about SwedenSweden: Learning SwedishBrexit

Membership

   My accountLog inStudent accessCorporate
   NewslettersHelp centerGift voucher

The Local

   Search siteContact us
   Who we areAdvertise with us

Editions

   AustriaEuropeGermanyNorwaySweden
   DenmarkFranceItalySpainSwitzerland

Services

   Jobs in SwedenNoticeboard
   Apartment rentals

SOCIAL

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

   SHARE
   COPY LINK

Paywall free

SWEDEN IN FOCUS

LISTEN: How will the new government affect foreigners’ lives in Sweden?

   In this episode we discuss how the incoming right-wing government has
   said it plans to govern Sweden for the next four years.
   Published: 15 October 2022 09:55 CEST
   LISTEN: How will the new government affect foreigners' lives in Sweden?

   In the latest episode of our Sweden in Focus podcast, host Paul
   O’Mahony is joined by regular panelists Becky Waterton, Richard Orange
   and James Savage.

   After weeks of deliberation the Moderate Party leader Ulf Kristersson
   told the parliamentary speaker on Friday he was finally ready to form a
   new government. Assuming he survives a vote in the Riksdag on Monday,
   Kristersson is expected to become prime minster next week and will
   start work assembling a government. We discuss what we know so far
   about the make-up of the next government and how it plans to govern
   Sweden.

   You can listen to the episode HERE. Please leave a rating or review
   wherever you listen to the podcast as it helps ensure that more people
   discover it.

   READ ALSO:
     * How does Sweden’s new government want to change migration policy?
     * Key points – How will Sweden’s new coalition deal affect
       foreigners?

   Don’t forget to hit the follow button (or + sign) on Apple or tap the
   notification bell on Spotify to ensure you get a reminder whenever we
   publish a new episode.

   SURVEY: Share your feedback on Sweden in Focus


Related Topics

   SWEDEN IN FOCUSPODCAST

   (BUTTON) SHOW COMMENTS

Member comments

   Log in here to leave a comment.
   Become a Member to leave a comment.

   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?
   LISTEN: Swedish news quiz 2022 - How well do you remember the year?
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   LISTEN: Swedish news quiz 2022 – How well do you remember the year?

SWEDEN IN FOCUS

Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?

   In this week's Sweden in Focus podcast Paul O'Mahony set the panel a
   set of 12 fiendish questions on the year's events. Can you beat The
   Local's team?
   Published: 28 December 2022 16:05 CET
   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?

   Paul did not hold back, putting together questions that tested the
   recall and background knowledge even of Swedish news veterans like
   James and Richard.

   You can subscribe to the podcast and listen to us fumble after the
   correct answers by pressing this link here.


   But first, see how you manage on your own!

   IFRAME: https://www.riddle.com/embed/a/466674?

Can you beat the Sweden in Focus team in our end of year quiz?

   There was the Ukraine invasion, the end of 200 years of Swedish
   neutrality and an election that brought in a new government. Do you
   know as much about news in Sweden in 2022 as the Sweden in Focus panel
   James Savage, Becky Waterton and Richard Orange?

Hurricane force winds were recorded off the coast of Blekinge in southern
Sweden when a storm rolled in from Denmark at the end of January. What was
the storm called?

A Swedish Bishop was defrocked in February after it emerged that he’d been
having an extramarital affair for many years. What diocese was he serving in
at the time?

Cornelia Jacobs won Melodifestival with her song Hold me Closer, which
qualified her to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest? How many
people watched the Melodifestival final according to official statistics?



Nyamko Sabuni resigned as Liberal Party leader in April after the party
slumped to just 2 percent in the opinion polls and she was replaced by Johan
Pehrson. Sabuni had been around for a long time in Swedish politics and was a
minister in the centre-right Alliance governments that ruled Sweden from 2006
to 2014. What was her role in the first Fredrik Reinfeldt governments from
2006 to 2010?



In May before Sweden had formally decided to apply for NATO membership, it
signed a security deal with the UK and the then British prime minister. Who
was that prime minister?



Sweden’s Central Bank, the Riksbank, raised interest rates by 50 points to
0.75 percent In June, it was the biggest one day hike in 22 years. The
Riksbank is the world’s oldest Central Bank. When was it founded?



Swedish American pole vaulter Armand Duplantis set a new world record in
July, when he cleared the bar at 6.21 metres at the World Athletics
Championships in Oregon. He’s often referred to by his nickname, what is his
nickname?

A report by the research company Acta Publica, released towards the end of
August, showed that 289 candidates for Swedish county municipal and
parliamentary elections had at some point expressed racist or neo-Nazi views.
Obviously  the far-right Sweden Democrats accounted for many of those. Which
party had none?

Which three parties formed a minority coalition to govern Uppsala from 2022
to 2026?

The Swedish geneticist Svante Pääbo won the Nobel Prize in medicine for his
work sequencing the genome of Neanderthal man. Incredibly, this was his
family’s second Nobel Prize, after his father also won the Nobel Prize for
Medicine in 1982. What was his name?

In November, Sweden’s new Justice Minister Gunner Strömmer, said that
officials were preparing a new bill to finally scrapped the country’s widely
ridiculed ban on spontaneous dancing in bars and restaurants without a
permit. My question to you is this since when has Sweden required a licence
to dance?

Every year the Swedish Retail Institute unveils its picture for Sweden’s
Christmas gift of the year. What was it this year?

What was the gift of the year in 2009?

Congratulations! You have kept up with the news more than anyone could
expect! You seem like the kind of person who would enjoy a discounted
membership offer for The Local.

Oh dear! You need a subscription to The Local. Here’s a discounted membership
offer.

This was a ridiculously hard quiz, so you clearly keep up with the news in
Sweden. You seem like the sort of person who would appreciate a discounted
membership for The Local.

Congratulations! You did better than Richard did in the same quiz in the
Sweden in Focus podcast and may even have beaten Becky Waterton and James
Savage, who each, got only one (or maybe two) questions wrong. You deserve a
discounted membership to The Local.

   Quiz Maker – powered by Riddle


    The Local [email protected] @thelocalsweden

   SHOW COMMENTS (BUTTON) Read this article

   LISTEN: Migration agency delays, far-right meddling, and Sweden's
   Christmas traditions explained
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   LISTEN: Migration agency delays, far-right meddling, and Sweden’s
   Christmas traditions explained
   The Ambassadors: ‘I can feel how the air in Sweden opens up your lungs'
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   The Ambassadors: ‘I can feel how the air in Sweden opens up your lungs’

   Url copied to clipboard!
   (BUTTON)

   The Local Europe AB
   Vasagatan 10
   111 20 Stockholm
   Sweden
     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Become a member
     * My Account
     * Newsletters options

     * Advertise with us
     * Post a job ad

     * Terms of use
     * Privacy policy
     * Cookie Settings

   (BUTTON) Cookie Settings
   App store App store

   modal logo Please whitelist us to continue reading.

   So this website can function correctly please whitelist The Local with
   your adblocker, antivirus software or browser add on.

   Please visit the help centre for more information
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-10">
<text>
   REFRESH(900 sec):
   https://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2022-10-13/local-news/Court-sta
   rts-hearing-evidence-against-police-officers-accused-of-beating-foreign
   ers-6736246606

   [loader.gif]

Login

     * Login with Facebook
     * Login with Google+
     * Login with Twitter
     * Login with Independent

   [ ] Keep me signed in with social media
   Your e-mail_________ Your password_______ [ ] Remember me

   Login
   Forgot your password? Register

   The Malta Independent 2 January 2023, Monday

   RSS View E-Paper
   ____________________
   Submit

     * [icon-home.png]
     * Local
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Most Read
     * World
          + News
          + Oddities
     * Debate
          + Editor's Blog
          + Blogs &amp; Opinions
          + Polls
     * Sports
          + Football
          + Tennis
          + MOTORSPORTS
          + Waterpolo
          + Basketball
          + Olympics
          + Commonwealth Games
          + Others
     * Business
          + News
          + World
          + Financial
          + Company News
     * Arts
          + Stage
          + Books
          + Music
          + Cinema
          + TV
          + Crossword
          + Sudoku
          + Arcade
     * Life
          + Human
          + Health
          + Food
          + Education
          + Growing Up
          + Motoring
          + Fashion
     * Videos
          + Latest Videos
          + Indepth
     * Newspaper
          + Leader
          + Letters
          + Opinions
          + Cartoon
          + Lifestyle &amp; Culture
          + Supplements
          + E-Paper
     * Magazines
          + Taste &amp; Flair
          + First
          + A &amp; H
          + I DO
          + Motoring
          + Vamp
          + Malta Business Review
     * Jobs In Malta
     * [mbw.png]

     * Home
     * >gt;
     * Local
     * >gt;
     * News
     * >gt;
     * Video shows uniformed policeman threatening migrant with…

Video shows uniformed policeman threatening migrant with penknife, court told

   Thursday, 13 October 2022, 12:01 Last update: about 4 months ago

   A video of  police officer Luca Brincat gesturing in a threatening
   manner using a penknife while seated in front of "a black person" was
   posted in a Whatsapp group, a Court was told on Thursday.

   "In the video, Brincat is heard telling the man that he should stop
   causing trouble, 'or else!'. Brincat then proceeded to gesture as if he
   would slit his throat," inspector Omar Zammit testified.

   The compilation of evidence against three young police officers accused
   of abducting and beating foreigners started yesterday in front of
   Magistrate Joe Mifsud.
   ADVERTISEMENT

   Rica Mifsud Grech, 22, from Floriana, and Jurgen Falzon, 24, from Santa
   Venera, and Luca Brincat, 20, from Qormi, were arrested last weekend
   after being reported by fellow police officers.

   Zammit testified that on the night between 1 and 2 September, Jurgen
   Falzon and Luca Brincat had noticed a foreigner shouting because he was
   drunk in Marsa. The two officers, who were accompanied by a third
   colleague, called Lydon, placed the man against a car to search him.

   Lydon told police that Luca Brincat and Jurgen Falzon proceeded to beat
   up the man. He also claimed that Jurgen Falzon even threw a rock at the
   man's direction. Lydon had told police that his two colleagues had
   exhibited similar aggression with other foreigners.

   The court heard how Lydon had pointed out a video that was posted in a
   chat group with the accused, and other police officers from the
   community policing team. "The black man was filmed from behind."

   Laying down the timeline of events, Zammit said that on Friday 7
   October, the police force received a report from a female police
   constable about crimes allegedly committed by her colleagues at the
   Ħamrun police station. They allegedly beat foreigners. She said that
   she had confided with two other colleagues about the alleged crimes.

   Zammit said that when analysing footage from the body cams of the
   accused, a recording on Luca Brincat's bodycam showed a foreign
   national alleging he was beaten up by Brincat and Falzon. This appears
   to have been a separate incident.

   The court was told that neither of the three victims' injuries were
   certified, because they had not sought medical help.

   Superintendent Graziella Muscat, who is stationed at the Professional
   Standards Unit within the police corps. She said that on 4 October, an
   email was received by the unit from two sergeants.

   "That is where the issue all started," she told the court. "These two
   sergeants wanted to speak to us about their subordinates. We put it on
   our work agenda, and it was scheduled for the 10 October, because we
   didn't know what it was about."

   "I received a call about two days later from one of the sergeants, who
   said the issue could not wait because the constables were beating up
   black people and leaving them there," Muscat said.

   She said her unit was also aware of Brincat's video. Muscat explained
   that the video shows the police officer asking the victim his name and
   then pretending to write the name using the pocket knife.

   "We also knew about two other victims, apart from the one shown in the
   video. We then started looking for them. On one of them, all we knew
   was that he last resided at a Valletta residence but was not there. The
   police then proceeded to go to the Tiger Bar area, to ask the community
   there, but to no avail," she said.

   Inspectors Joseph Mercieca and Omar Zammit prosecuted. Lawyers Anthony
   Vella and Kaylie Bonnett represented the Office of the Attorney
   General.

   Lawyers Franco Debono and Francesca Zarb are defence counsel for Luca
   Brincat, Dalli and Dean Hili for Rica Mifsud Grech and Edmond Cuschieri
   for Falzon.



   [file.aspx?f=213747]

   12:28 That is all for today. Thank you for following. A summary of
   proceedings will be published shortly.

   12:28 Caruana steps off the witness stand. The sitting is over. The
   next appointments are for the 18 and 20 October.

   12:22 Police Major Eugenio Caruana takes the witness stand. He recounts
   the testimony given by the police officers who reported the accused.
   This is a re-run of the testimony given by other investigators
   previously

   12:17 He steps off the witness stand.

   12:17 Inspector Jeffrey Rizzo takes the witness stand. He details
   Jurgen Falzon’s arrest, how his mobile was confiscated and handed over
   to a court expert.

   12:15 Muscat steps off the witness stand.

   12:15 Defence lawyer Veronique Dalli asks Muscat whether her unit
   received any report from Rica Mifsud Grech, against her sergeant. Dalli
   says her client had reported on unethical behaviour by her supervisor,
   including “sexist actions”. Muscat insists she has no knowledge of the
   report.

   12:10 Defence lawyer Edmond Cuschieri asks Muscat whether she knew that
   her unit had received any reports on the accused’s sergeants. “Not to
   my knowledge, no,” she replies.

   12:09 Superintendent Graziella Muscat continues testifying. She gives
   details on where and when the three accused were arrested. The
   accused’s cars and homes were searched. A taser torch not issued by the
   corps was found at Rica Mifsud Grech’s home.

   12:07 QUICK RECAP: We are assisting for the first sitting in the
   compilation of evidence against three suspended police officers accused
   of rounding up foreigners, beating them and abandoning them in a
   secluded area. The three officers are: Rica Mifsud Grech, Luca Brincat
   and Jurgen Falzon. They deny the charges. The accused were reported by
   their colleagues in the force.

   12:03 Muscat: “We also knew about two other victims, apart from the one
   shown in the video. We then started looking for them. On one of them,
   all we knew was that he last resided at a Valletta residence but was
   not there. The police then proceeded to go to the Tiger Bar area, to
   ask the community there, but to no avail.”

   12:00 She says her unit was also aware of the video in which the pocket
   knife is visible. She explains that the video shows the police officer
   asking the victim his name and then pretending to write the name using
   the pocket knife.

   11:58 Muscat: “I received a call about two days later from one of the
   sergeants, who said the issue could not wait because the constables
   were beating up black people and leaving them there.”

   11:57 Muscat says that on 4 October, an email was received by the unit
   from two sergeants. “That is where the issue all started,” she tells
   the court. “These two sergeants wanted to speak to us about their
   subordinates. We put it on our work agenda, and it was scheduled for
   the 10 October, because we didn’t know about what it was.”

   11:56 Muscat is stationed at the Professional Standards Unit within the
   police corps.

   11:56 The second witness for today is Superintendent Graziella Muscat.

   11:55 Defence lawyer Edmond Cuschieri, appearing for Jurgen Falzon,
   asks whether the injuries mentioned by the victim were certified.
   Zammit replies: “No because they did not go to the authorities.”

   11:53 Zammit says that the victim indicated that a third officer was
   present, and although he did not beat him up the officer stood aside
   and did not try to stop his colleagues.

   11:53 Under cross-examination, Zammit says that one of the victims told
   investigators that he was picked up by the accused while drunk. He was
   taken to a place not very far from Marsa and was beaten up over there.
   The victim told police he was punched and kicked by the accused.

   11:52 Constables are also issued with body cams and pepper spray.

   11:51 Zammit says that constables have handcuffs and tasers.

   11:49 Zammit is cross-examined by Brincat’s defence lawyer, Franco
   Debono. The lawyer asks the inspector to say what equipment police
   constables are issued with by the force.

   11:48 Zammit says that after the officers were arrested, police started
   looking for their victims and one was traced to prison

   11:47 Zammit says that Brincat was interrogated in the presence of his
   lawyers when discharged from hospital. Brincat refused to answer.

   11:45 Inspector Zammit testifies that when analysing footage from the
   body cams of the accused, a recording on Luca Brincat’s bodycam shows a
   foreign national alleging he was beaten up by Brincat and Falzon. This
   appears to be a separate incident.

   11:43 The police officer who reported the three had showed the
   inspector where they would beat up the foreign nationals.

   11:43 On the 8 October, Luca Brincat was admitted to the Floriana
   polyclinic because he complained about chest pains and that is why he
   couldn’t be charged with the other two police officers.

   11:43 Laying down the time line of events, Zammit says that on Friday 7
   October, the police force received a report from a female police
   constable about crimes allegedly committed by her colleagues at the
   Ħamrun police station. They allegedly beat foreigners. She said that
   she had confided with two other colleagues about the alleged crimes.

   11:40 Inspector Omar Zammit continues testifying that Jurgen Falzon was
   arrested at his Santa Venera home. A search in his vehicle and his
   bedroom revealed nothing.

   11:39 A taser torch and pepper spray not issued by the corps, which
   were found in Rica Mifsud Grech’s car, and the pocket knife visible in
   the video are exhibited in court.

   11:38 The black man was filmed from behind.

   11:38 The court hears how Lydon had pointed out a video that was posted
   in a chat group with the accused, and other police officers from the
   community policing team. The video shows Luca Brincat with a penknife,
   standing in front of a black person. In the video, Brincat is heard
   telling the man that he should stop causing trouble, “or else!”.
   Brincat then proceeded to gesture as if he would slit his throat.

   11:35 Lydon told police that Luca Brincat and Jurgen Falzon proceeded
   to beat up the man. He also claimed that Jurgen Falzon even threw a
   rock at the man’s direction. Lydon had told police that his two
   colleagues had exhibited similar aggression with other foreigners.

   11:34 The court hears how Luca Brincat told Lydon to drive to Qormi.
   Lydon asked why they were going there instead of the police depot.
   Lydon claimed he was told by Luca Brincat to turn off the bodycam, and
   when he refused they turned it off for him.

   11:33 Zammit testifies that on the night between 1 and 2 September,
   Jurgen Falzon and Luca Brincat had noticed a foreigner shouting because
   he was drunk in Marsa. The two officers, who were accompanied by a
   third colleague, called Lydon, placed the man against a car to search
   him.

   11:31 Inspector Omar Zammit will be testifying. He says a female
   constable had gone to police HQ, to report her colleague over some
   crimes. The crimes included beating up individuals. Zammit says that
   together with a CMRU inspector, he was charged with carrying out the
   investigation.





     * don't miss

   IFRAME: https://www.noagentfees.com/iframe

   News
   [file.aspx?f=229840&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Watch: Police officers take note of…
   [file.aspx?f=224527&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Archbishop to attend Pope Benedict’s…
   [file.aspx?f=218825&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Berlin bird strike causes Air Malta’s…
   [file.aspx?f=203868&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Three Indian men injured in Zabbar fight
   [file.aspx?f=229832&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Festa ta’ Ġenerożità raises…
   [file.aspx?f=229830&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Police, AFM inspect 890 cars on NYE
   [file.aspx?f=229796&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Civil society group, NGOs and unions:…
   [file.aspx?f=229826&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   More than 50,000 people attend Valletta…

   open

     * Terms of Use
     * Advertising Rates
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Declaration

   Designed and developed by Deloitte Digital

   Independent Online. ©2023. Standard Publications Ltd. Registered
   Office: Standard House, Birkirkara Hill, St. Julian’s, STJ 1149, Malta.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-11">
<text>
    #Mexico Daily Post » Feed Mexico Daily Post » Comments Feed Mexico
   Daily Post » American criticized for saying that “Bread of the Dead” is
   made from the ashes of the deceased Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

     * National
     * Mexican States
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

   Search ____________________

   10.5 C
   Mexico City
   Monday, January 2, 2023
     * Privacy Policy
     * Letters to the Editor
     * Disclaimer
     * Advertise with us

   Sign in
   Welcome! Log into your account
   ____________________your username
   ____________________your password
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)_____
   Forgot your password? Get help
   Password recovery
   Recover your password
   ____________________your email
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)________________
   A password will be e-mailed to you.
   Mexico Daily Post Mexico English News Network
   Mexico news in English
     * National
     * Mexican States
          + Aguascalientes News
            Baja California News
            Baja California Sur News
            Aguascalientes News
            Campeche News
            CDMX News
            Chiapas News
            Chihuahua News
            Coahuila News
            Colima News
            Durango News
            Estado de Mexico News
            Guanajuato News
            Guerrero News
            Hidalgo News
            Jalisco News
            Michoacan News
            Morelos News
            Nayarit News
            Nuevo León News
            Oaxaca News
            Puebla News
            Queretaro News
            Quintana Roo News
            San Luis Potosí News
            Sinaloa News
            Sonora News
            Tabasco News
            Tamaulipas News
            Tlaxcala News
            Veracruz News
            Yucatan News
            Zacatecas News

Share this:
               o Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
               o Click to print (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
               o

Like this:
            Like Loading…

Related
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
          +

Mexican Traditions on New Year’s Eve

Mexican Posadas: a tradition that is very much alive

These are the official holidays and school vacations in Mexico for…

Price of gasoline in Mexico this December 24

Prices of beer and cigarettes are officially to increase today Monday,…
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

   ____________________ Search
   Home Expat in mexico American criticized for saying that “Bread of the
   Dead” is made from...

     * Expat in mexico

American criticized for saying that “Bread of the Dead” is made from the
ashes of the deceased

   October 15, 2022
   788
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Tumblr
   Linkedin
   Mix
   ReddIt
   WhatsApp
   Pinterest

   With the upcoming arrival of the Day of the Dead, a video where a
   foreigner stated that the bread of the dead was made from the real dead
   was once again a trend on the internet.

   The much loved and popular tradition of the Day of the Dead is
   approaching, a Mexican celebration that has the purpose of honoring
   those who have already left the earthly world, however, aspects of this
   celebration are still very unknown to many people.

   Such was the case of an American girl who assured that the bread of the
   dead is created from the ashes of Mexicans. Yes, that’s right.

     @lex_marcking #humor ♬ sonido original – Lex Marcking

   The video of said statement was originally shared in 2019 through
   the TikTok platform, unleashing laughter and criticism from thousands
   of users around the world, as well as quite a shock, because he really
   said those words with complete confidence.
   Popular Stories Right now
   4,221 vehicles were stolen in Sinaloa in 2019
   University students in California prefer to study in Mexico
   Forget about the Traffic Light entering Mexico. All will be checked
   now!

   “ I did not know, but for people who are not from Mexico, did you know
   that they really put ashes of the dead on the bread of the dead? That
   is why it is called that. How strange is Mexico! ”, He indicated in the
   video, which you can see by clicking here.

     @besugoboss 🤔 Has probado el pan mexicano? #mexico #panmexicano
     #comida 👉 @Redpiratek ♬ sonido original – besugoboss

   For this reason, just days after the Day of the Dead takes place, the
   video has again generated controversy, controversy and has unleashed
   hundreds of sarcastic reactions, for example, that under this logic,
   granny chocolate may be made of grannies and the pastor tacos de
   pastores.

     @_budar Jajaja que el pan de muerto QUEEEE?! #parati #fypシ #mexico
     #pandemuerto ♬ sonido original – Budar

   Mexico Daily Post

Share this:

     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

Related

     * TAGS
     * american girl
     * bread of the dead
     * human ashes
     * PAN DE MUERTO

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https://mexicodailypost.
   com/2022/10/15/american-criticized-for-saying-that-bread-of-the-dead-is
   -made-from-the-ashes-of-the-deceased/&amp;layout=button_count&amp;show_faces=fa
   lse&amp;width=105&amp;action=like&amp;colorscheme=light&amp;height=21

   Facebook
   Twitter
   Tumblr
   Linkedin
   Mix
   ReddIt
   WhatsApp
   Pinterest

   Previous articleThe U.S. government began deporting dozens of
   Venezuelans to Mexico
   Next articleWhat is the significance of the murals recently found in
   Tepoztlan, Morelos?
   MDP Newsroom

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR

How an Expat’s Opinion Of What It Would Be Like To Live In Mexico Changed
After Moving to Mexico

CDMX is safer than Miami, Denver and Dallas

Flying with pets in Mexico horror stories

   ADVERTISEMENT

   ADVERTISEMENT

   Advertisement

FOLLOW US IN

     * National
     * Mexican States
          + Aguascalientes News
            Baja California News
            Baja California Sur News
            Aguascalientes News
            Campeche News
            CDMX News
            Chiapas News
            Chihuahua News
            Coahuila News
            Colima News
            Durango News
            Estado de Mexico News
            Guanajuato News
            Guerrero News
            Hidalgo News
            Jalisco News
            Michoacan News
            Morelos News
            Nayarit News
            Nuevo León News
            Oaxaca News
            Puebla News
            Queretaro News
            Quintana Roo News
            San Luis Potosí News
            Sinaloa News
            Sonora News
            Tabasco News
            Tamaulipas News
            Tlaxcala News
            Veracruz News
            Yucatan News
            Zacatecas News

Share this:
               o Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
               o Click to print (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
               o

Like this:
            Like Loading…

Related
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
          +

Mexican Traditions on New Year’s Eve

Mexican Posadas: a tradition that is very much alive

These are the official holidays and school vacations in Mexico for…

Price of gasoline in Mexico this December 24

Prices of beer and cigarettes are officially to increase today Monday,…
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

Check out our news outlets.

The Yucatán Post

The Cancun Post

Baja California Post

The Tabasco Post

Campeche Post

The Oaxaca Post

San Cristobal Post

The Querétaro Post

The Guerrero Post

Monterrey Daily Post

The Guadalajara Post

The Mazatlán Post

The Durango Post

The Mexico City Post

Morelos Daily Post

Aguascalientes Daily Post

San Miguel Post

Hidalgo Daily Post

Michoacan Post

San Luis Potosi Post

Tamaulipas Post

The Queretaro Post

The Chihuahua Post

The Nayarit Post

The Sonora Post

Puebla Post

The Torreon Post

Veracruz Daily Post

Zacatecas Post

   ©

   Go to mobile version

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-12">
<text>
   [tr?id=166148367275777&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1] #Jacobin - Feed

Jacobin

     * Subscribe
     * Magazine
     * Donate
     * Catalyst

     *
     *
     *
     *

Africa Is Not Immune to the Rising Tide of Xenophobia

     *
     *
     * Login
     *

     * Subscribe
     * Back Issues
     * Donate
     * Store

     * Magazine
     * Blog
     * Catalyst

     * About
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise

   ____________________ Search Icon

   Email ____________________
   {{ errors.email }}
   Password ____________________
   {{ errors.password }}
   {{ error }}
   Forgot password? (BUTTON) Log in
   ← Back
   Enter email to receive password reset link ____________________
   {{ forgot_errors.email }}
   {{ forgot_error }}
   (BUTTON) Submit
   {{ forgot_success }}

   Our new issue on dealignment and democracy is out now. Subscribe today
   to get it in print!

   10.11.2022
     * South Africa

     * Politics
     * Inequality

     *
     *
     *
     *

             Africa Is Not Immune to the Rising Tide of Xenophobia

   By
          Thomas Lesaffre

   Xenophobic politics aren’t just on the rise in the West, but in African
   countries like South Africa. And the culprit is similar: a ruling elite
   that refuses to address rapacious economic inequality and instead fans
   the flame of anti-foreign resentment.

   A foreign national moves goods from a looted shop in the Johannesburg
   township of Alexandra on September 3, 2019 after South Africa's
   financial capital was hit by a new wave of anti-foreigner violence.
   (Michele Spatari / AFP via Getty Images)

   The new issue of Jacobin is out now. Subscribe today and get a yearlong
   print and digital subscription.

From Bowling Alone to Posting Alone

   Anton Jäger

Chile’s Vote Was a Rebuke of the 21st-Century Left. Will We Listen?

   René Rojas

Debt-Trap Democracy

   Astra Taylor

Taking Back Left Parties From the Brahmins

   Thomas Piketty Clara Martínez-Toledano Amory Gethin

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly associating foreigner activities in the country with insecurity
   as opposed to economic growth. Finally, news highlights in South Africa
   now include scenes of burnt shacks, palpable fear, and public protests
   as angry mobs frantically search for undocumented foreigners. To fully
   understand why South Africa and its democratic institutions are
   entering a nationalist winter, a snippet of African political history
   is helpful.

   Naturally, xenophobia is not a new phenomenon for the rainbow nation;
   xenophobic violence dates back to 2008 and has already been largely
   commented on through an array of media platforms. However, what seems
   to be surfacing is a new form of institutionalized xenophobia rising
   from within the state. A few years ago, no political entrepreneurs had
   seriously taken ownership of the xenophobic agenda. The issue mainly
   emerged from an impoverished population that focused their efforts on
   looting local spaza shops typically owned by foreigners from other
   African countries, as opposed to retail giants owned by white South
   African capital (which was what happened during the July riots of
   2021).

   Elsewhere on the continent, other historical examples of such narrow
   nationalism abound. In 1989, in the middle of a long economic crisis
   and after many marches contesting his power, president Abdou Diouf of
   Senegal signed a decree to expel approximately 170,000 Mauritanians. At
   that point, the Parti Socialist Senegalais of Léopold Sédar Senghor had
   been in power since independence in 1960, and Diouf was Senghor’s
   successor. President Diouf did what many had done before him in
   response to an economic meltdown: blame the “aliens” and “foreigners”
   in a clumsy attempt to gain back political legitimacy without
   addressing the inequities of a rapacious neoliberal economic order.

   In 1968, only two years after toppling the Ghanaian father of
   independence and pan-African hero, Kwame Nkrumah, Ghanaian prime
   minister Kofi Busia fell into the same trap: blaming foreigners, rather
   than the national bourgeoisie for the country’s economic downfall. In
   1968, Legislative Instrument 553 decreed that all non-Ghanaians had to
   have a work permit before they could act as employer, self-employed
   person, or employees. A Compliance Order was issued in the same year
   giving all foreigners without residence permits two weeks to obtain
   them or leave the country. Naturally, very few Africans had the
   necessary papers, and could not even claim it from their
   institutionally weak embassy. The police and the army were sent to
   search for and arrest all foreign nationals lacking papers. Ghanaians
   were encouraged to believe that the departure of the “aliens” would
   solve all the country’s economic problems. Most of them were Nigerian
   and ended up coming back in the middle of the Biafra civil war.

   Busia’s fall from power was even faster than Diouf ’s in Senegal. It
   took Ghanaians only a few months to realize they had been played and he
   was forced into exile in England the following year. The rise of
   xenophobic politics from within the state itself did not bring back
   economic growth in the country. Instead, inflation skyrocketed and food
   was scarce. Unable to address these economic challenges and faced with
   rising popular anger, the state responded militarily to discipline its
   own citizens, forcing millions of Ghanaian youth to leave the country
   on the very same roads that were once used to expel foreign nationals.

   Millions of them arrived in Nigeria, where a petroleum-driven economy
   was booming. As petrol prices began to rise, Nigeria had nationalized
   the industry and attained a production level of more than two million
   barrels of crude oil a day. By 1982, the oil industries had generated
   more than US$101 billion for the country’s elites. Not only were there
   West Africans entering Nigeria, but there was an influx of people from
   rural areas migrating to the cities. Life was good. However, due to a
   recession in the large petroleum consumer market in the early 1980s,
   the economic boom in Nigeria waned significantly. President Shehu
   Shagari, then, found himself in the same position as his Ghanaian
   counterpart a few years before. The state under his leadership
   responded similarly, and in 1982, began expelling nonnationals,
   criminalizing their activities and blaming them for the failing
   economy. Most businesses they owned crumbled and the few that survived
   were shared within power circles and extended to the party patronage.
   Like in Ghana and Senegal, it did not make the economic situation
   better for all, but rather reinforced a kleptocratic elite.

   By the time the Nigerian national election of 1983 came about, Shagari
   and the policemen in charge of the “Ghana Must Go” operation directed
   their violence toward impoverished Nigerian citizens demanding change
   where none was forthcoming after the expulsion of foreign nationals.
   For the Nigerian governing elite, institutionalizing xenophobia was a
   step to reinforce the state’s capacity to discipline the masses, while
   at the same time politically trying to gain back legitimacy. Less than
   nine months after Shagari was kicked out of power, he had to flee the
   country like Kofi Busia. A year later, then military ruler General
   Muhammdu Buhari (who is now Nigeria’s incumbent president), announced
   another round of expulsions, this time, of all foreigners, including
   those with residence permits. About seven hundred thousand people were
   forced out of the country.

   Returning to present-day South Africa, after twenty-nine years of
   neoliberal failure, xenophobia appears a satisfying answer for a
   national bourgeoisie that has thus far avoided redistributing
   sufficient wealth to the majority of South Africans, who remain
   impoverished and exploited. South African exceptionalism is a myth; we
   are not alone in facing the morbid symptoms of postcolonial decay,
   where national elites, often erstwhile liberators, lack political
   imagination.

   Institutionalized xenophobia offers false narratives of better days to
   come. Indeed, African political history teaches us that for a short
   period of time the national elite is safe, being seen as “doing its
   job” for the people, but the chimera won’t last. If and when foreigners
   leave, the situation will not improve. People’s anger will be
   redirected to the national elite, as demonstrated in Nigeria, Ghana,
   and Senegal.

   Republished from Africa Is a Country.

Share this article

   Facebook Twitter Email

Contributors

   Thomas Lesaffre is politics and governance teacher at the African
   Leadership Academy and a freelance journalist.

Filed Under

     * South Africa

     * Politics
     * Inequality

     * Wealth Inequality
     * Xenophobia
     * Ghana
     * Senegal

   (BUTTON) Remove Icon

Sign up for our mailing list

   ____________________

   This doesn’t appear to be a valid email.
   (BUTTON) Submit

   Thanks for signing up! →

   Already on our list? Get our print magazine for just $20 a year.

   ESC

Select a text size

Small

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Medium

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Large

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Further Reading

The African Infrastructure Scam

     * Zahra Moloo

We Can’t Understand South Africa’s Racial Inequalities Without Looking at
Capitalism

     * Niall Reddy
     * William Shoki

South Africa’s Widespread Corruption Is the Rotten Fruit of Apartheid

     * Ayanda Kota

Why Kwame Nkrumah’s Socialist, Pan-African Vision Continues to Inspire
Radicals Today

     * Benjamin Talton
     * Anakwa Dwamena

     * Subscribe
     * Donate

   The new issue of Jacobin is out now. Subscribe today and get a yearlong
   print and digital subscription.

   A journal of theory and strategy published by Jacobin

Sign up for our mailing list

   ____________________

   Invalid email address
   (BUTTON) Submit
   Thanks for signing up!

     * Catalyst
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * © 2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-13">
<text>
   #Economy Economy

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * Skip to main content
     * Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * NPR logo
     *
     *
     * NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) >gt; Close Navigation Menu
     * Home
     * News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + National
          + World
          + Politics
          + Business
          + Health
          + Science
          + Climate
          + Race
     * Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + Books
          + Movies
          + Television
          + Pop Culture
          + Food
          + Art &amp; Design
          + Performing Arts
          + Life Kit
     * Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + Best Music of 2022
          + Tiny Desk
          + #NowPlaying
          + All Songs Considered
          + Music Features
          + Live Sessions
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts &amp;
       Shows
       Daily
          + Morning Edition
          + Weekend Edition Saturday
          + Weekend Edition Sunday
          + All Things Considered
          + Fresh Air
          + Up First
       Featured
          + Embedded
          + Planet Money
          + Life Kit
          + NPR's Book of the Day
          + More Podcasts &amp; Shows
     * Search
     *
     * NPR Shop

     * NPR Music NPR Music
     * Best Music of 2022
     * Tiny Desk
     * #NowPlaying
     * All Songs Considered
     * Music Features
     * Live Sessions

     * About NPR
     * Diversity
     * Organization
     * Support
     * Careers
     * Connect
     * Press
     * Ethics

   How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?
   The average home price in Canada has skyrocketed to over $800,000.
   Globe and Mail real estate reporter Rachelle Younglai tells NPR's Sacha
   Pfeiffer how parliament hopes to address the crisis.

Economy

How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?

     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

   May 21, 20225:13 PM ET
   Heard on All Things Considered

How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?

   Listen · 4:45 4:45
   (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <lt;iframe src="https:/ <lt;iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1100562882/1100562883"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">gt;
     * Transcript

   The average home price in Canada has skyrocketed to over $800,000.
   Globe and Mail real estate reporter Rachelle Younglai tells NPR's Sacha
   Pfeiffer how parliament hopes to address the crisis.

   SACHA PFEIFFER, HOST:

   Earlier in the program, we talked about the challenges of buying a
   house in the United States right now in Canada. There's also a housing
   crisis. Real estate prices there have become stratospheric. So in its
   national budget this spring, the Canadian federal government made a
   proposal to address the problem - a two-year ban on home sales to
   foreign buyers. But how would prohibiting foreigners from buying houses
   in Canada affect the Canadian real estate market? We're going to put
   that question to Rachelle Younglai. She covers real estate for the
   Globe and Mail in Toronto. Hi, Michelle.

   RACHELLE YOUNGLAI: Hi.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle, here in the United States, the housing market is
   also just bonkers. If you're a seller, you're probably happy. If you're
   a buyer, you're probably demoralized. Would you give us a sense of what
   the market is like in Canada, including whether this is just a big-city
   problem or everywhere?

   YOUNGLAI: It's an everywhere problem. It's a national problem. Over the
   past two years, house prices have gone up by 50%. The typical home
   price in Canada across the country is over $800,000. It's a huge
   problem. And that's what we're dealing with right now.

   PFEIFFER: So the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, wants to lock
   foreign buyers out of the market. But how much of the Canadian housing
   market is even owned by foreign buyers? And would you expect to see any
   real impact from that kind of ban?

   YOUNGLAI: Well, the latest data shows that foreign owners own a very
   small share of the housing stock. In Ontario, for example, they own
   2.2% of homes. In British Columbia, they own 3.1%. That was data as of
   2020. So it's a very, very small share. And we also have an idea that
   domestic buyers, Canadian buyers, were behind the latest real estate
   boom, not foreign buyers. So I would say this ban will not have a huge
   impact on home prices here.

   PFEIFFER: Then why would the country propose that ban at all?

   YOUNGLAI: I think it's politically convenient since foreigners can't
   vote here. They're an easy scapegoat. And that's, I mean, I think one
   of the main reasons.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle, here in the U.S., people depressed by American
   politics sometimes joke or maybe not always joke - maybe they're
   serious - that they want to move to Canada. If these people hear about
   this proposed ban, they might think that their window of opportunity is
   closing. But this proposal has a lot of loopholes. So is it not as
   draconian as it sounds?

   YOUNGLAI: Oh, yeah, for sure. I mean, there are lots of exemptions. So,
   for example, if you are a foreign student and you intend to make Canada
   your home, you are allowed to buy. If you're a foreign worker with a
   visa, you can also buy. If you're married to a Canadian, you can buy.
   And also, it's a two-year ban. So you could always wait. And the other
   thing is it's not even - it's not a law yet.

   PFEIFFER: It's still a proposal.

   YOUNGLAI: It's still a proposal. Right.

   PFEIFFER: So interesting. I mean, as you're saying, it sounds like it's
   not as scary sounding as the headline makes it seem. And if banning
   foreigners from buying homes in Canada is unlikely to free up more
   houses, are unlikely to bring prices down, and it's more of a domestic
   problem, then what else does the Canadian government think would help?
   Because I've read, for example, that there are also proposals to boost
   construction and help first time homebuyers save for a down payment.
   Anything else on the table?

   YOUNGLAI: Yeah. They have another plan to prevent people from flipping
   their houses. So they have a proposal to tax you if you sell your house
   within a year of buying it. So that's that's one plan. You mentioned
   the boost in construction. One of their plans is to double or to try to
   increase the pace of construction. It's not really clear whether that
   will work either, because we, like your country, are facing a labor
   shortage, especially in trades. So even if cities were on board to
   increase the pace of construction, there is no one to do the work.

   PFEIFFER: And it also sounds like none of these are quick fixes that
   are going to overnight make the home market, the housing market more
   accessible. So I have a bigger picture question for you, which is if
   homeownership is a goal in an ideal for so many people, I mean, here in
   the U.S., it's central to that concept of the American dream, do
   Canadians just need to lower their expectations about someday owning a
   home and think about renting as a good long-term option?

   YOUNGLAI: Yeah, for sure. For sure. I mean, it's a huge goal for
   Canadians, too. Most Canadians don't want to rent. They want to own.
   And people always talk about how we should look at Europe. People rent
   and they're fine with renting. But Canadians are not fine with renting.
   They want to own. So yeah, it is a shift in thinking. We're definitely
   not there yet.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle Younglai is a reporter with the Globe and Mail.
   Thank you very much for talking about this.

   YOUNGLAI: Thank you.

   Copyright © 2022 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of
   use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.

   NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by an NPR contractor.
   This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in
   the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative
   record of NPR’s programming is the audio record.
     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

Read &amp; Listen

     * Home
     * News
     * Culture
     * Music
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows

Connect

     * Newsletters
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Press
     * Contact &amp; Help

About NPR

     * Overview
     * Diversity
     * Ethics
     * Finances
     * Public Editor
     * Corrections

Get Involved

     * Support Public Radio
     * Sponsor NPR
     * NPR Careers
     * NPR Shop
     * NPR Events
     * NPR Extra

     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Your Privacy Choices
     * Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Become an NPR sponsor
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-15">
<text>
   U.S. flag An official website of the United States Government
     * Skip Navigation
     * Accessibility
     * Languages
     * Contact

   (BUTTON) MENU MENU

Seal of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 1789 U.S. Department of the
Treasury

   Seal of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 1789
     * About Treasury
       About Treasury

General Information
       Role of the Treasury
       Officials
       Organizational Chart
       Orders and Directives

Offices
       Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility
       Domestic Finance
       Economic Policy
       General Counsel
       International Affairs
       Management
       Public Affairs
       Tax Policy
       Terrorism and Financial Intelligence
       Inspectors General

Bureaus
       Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB)
       Bureau of Engraving &amp; Printing (BEP)
       Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
       Bureau of the Fiscal Service (BFS)
       Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
       Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
       U.S. Mint
       Office of Inspector General (OIG)
       Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA)
       Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program
       (SIGTARP)
       Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery (SIGPR)

Budget, Financial Reporting, Planning and Performance
       Strategic Plan
       Budget Request/Annual Performance Plan and Reports
       Agency Financial Report
       Inspector General Audits and Investigative Reports
       Climate Action Plan

History
       Curator
       History Overview
       Prior Secretaries
       Prior Treasurers
       The Treasury Building
       Collections
       Freedman's Bank Building

Careers
       At Headquarters
       At Our Bureaus
       Top 10 Reasons to Work Here
       Benefits and Growth
       Diversity
       Veterans Employment
       Pathways
       How to Apply
       Search Jobs
     * Policy Issues
       Policy Issues

COVID19 Economic Relief
       American Families and Workers
       Small Businesses
       State, Local, and Tribal Governments
       American Industry

Tax Policy
       Revenue Proposals
       Tax Expenditures
       International Tax
       Treaties and Related Documents
       Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)
       Reports
       Tax Analysis
       Tax Regulatory Reform

Economic Policy
       Treasury Coupon Issues
       Corporate Bond Yield Curve
       Economic Policy Reports
       Social Security and Medicare
       Total Taxable Resources

Terrorism and Illicit Finance
       Sanctions
       Asset Forfeiture
       311 Actions
       Terrorist Finance Tracking Program
       Money Laundering
       Financial Action Task Force
       Protecting Charitable Organizations

Financing the Government
       Treasury Quarterly Refunding
       Interest Rate Statistics
       Treasury Securities
       Treasury Investor Data
       Debt Management Research

Financial Markets, Financial Institutions, and Fiscal Service
       Cash and Debt Forecasting
       Debt Limit
       Financial Stability Oversight Council
       Federal Insurance Office
       RESTORE Act
       1603 Program
       The Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) Fund
       Making Home Affordable

Financial Sanctions
       Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN List)
       Consolidated Sanctions List
       Search OFAC's Sanctions Lists
       Additional Sanctions Lists
       OFAC Recent Actions
       Sanctions Programs and Country Information
       Frequently Asked Questions
       OFAC Civil Penalties and Enforcement
       Contact OFAC

Consumer Policy
       Financial Literacy and Education Commission
       Mymoney.gov
       Innovations in Financial Services
       Featured Research

International
       The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)
       Exchange Stabilization Fund
       G-7 and G-20
       International Monetary Fund
       Multilateral Development Banks
       Macroeconomic and Foreign Exchange Policies of Major Trading
       Partners
       Exchange Rate Analysis
       U.S.-China Comprehensive Strategic Economic Dialogue (CED)

Small Business Programs
       Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization
       Small Business Lending Fund
       State Small Business Credit Initiative

Tribal Affairs
     * Data
       Data

Interest Rates
       Daily Treasury Par Yield Curve Rates
       Daily Treasury Par Real Yield Curve Rates
       Daily Treasury Bill Rates
       Daily Treasury Long-Term Rates
       Daily Treasury Real Long-Term Rates

Treasury Coupon-Issue and Corporate Bond Yield Curve
       Treasury Coupon Issues
       Corporate Bond Yield Curve

Federal Financial Data
       Your Guide to America’s Finances
       Monthly Treasury Statement
       Daily Treasury Statement

How Your Money Is Spent
       USAspending.gov

National Debt
       National Debt to the Penny
       Historical Debt Outstanding
       Monthly Statement of the Public Debt

Quarterly Refunding
       Debt Management Overview and Quarterly Refunding Process
       Most Recent Documents
       Archives
       Webcasts

Investor Class Auction Allotments

Other Programs

Treasury International Capital (TIC) System
       U.S International Portfolio Investment Statistics
       Release Dates
       Forms and Instructions

U.S. International Reserve Position

Troubled Assets Relief Program
       Reports
     * Services
       Services

Report Fraud, Waste &amp; Abuse
       Report COVID-19 Scam Attempts
       Report Scam Attempts
       Report Fraud Related to Government Contracts
       Inspectors General

Bonds and Securities
       Buy, Manage, and Redeem
       Treasury Hunt - Search for Matured Bonds
       Cashing Savings Bonds in Disaster-Declared Areas
       Frequently Asked Questions

Grant Programs
       Pay for Results (SIPPRA)
       RESTORE Act
       Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) Fund

Treasury Payments
       Where is my Refund?
       Lost or Expired Check
       Direct Express Card
       Non-Benefit Federal Payments
       Electronic Federal Benefit Payments - GoDirect

Currency and Coins
       Shop for Coin Products
       Shop for Currency Products
       Redeem Damaged Currency
       Bureau of Engraving and Printing
       U.S Mint

Auctions
       IRS Auctions
       Real Estate
       General Property, Vehicles, Vessels &amp; Aircraft

Kline-Miller Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014
       Applications
       Frequently Asked Questions

Education

Taxes
       Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
       IRS Forms, Instructions &amp; Publications
       Refund Status
       Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

Forms
       IRS Forms and Instructions
       Savings Bonds - Treasury Securities
       Bank Secrecy Act - Fincen 114 and more
       OFAC Reporting and License Applications
       Treasury International Capital (TIC)

Government Shared Services
       Enterprise Business Solutions (EBS)
       Treasury Franchise Fund (TFF)
       Administrative Resource Center (ARC)
       Shared Services Program (SSP)
       TreasuryDirect
       Invoice Processing Platform

Tours and Library
       Historic Treasury Building
       Library
       Curator
       Bureau of Engraving and Printing
       U.S. Mint
     * News
       News

Featured Stories
       December 9, 2022
       On Anti-Corruption Day, A Look at Treasury Efforts to Counter
       Corruption
       December 6, 2022
       Biden-Harris Administration Announces Florida, Georgia, Iowa,
       Minnesota, Missouri and Utah to Receive Nearly $1 Billion in
       American Rescue Plan Funds to Increase Access to Affordable,
       High-Speed Internet
       December 6, 2022
       SAVE THE DATE: U.S.-EU Trade and Technology Council – 2022 Outreach
       to Stakeholders on Investment Screening
       View all Featured Stories

Press Releases
       December 30, 2022
       Year in Review: Treasury’s Top Accomplishments During Year Two of
       the Biden-Harris Administration
       December 29, 2022
       Treasury Releases Additional Information on Clean Vehicle
       Provisions of Inflation Reduction Act
       December 21, 2022
       Treasury Sanctions Iranian Regime Officials Tied to Continued
       Violence Against Protestors
       View All Press Releases

Remarks and Statements
       December 16, 2022
       Statement from Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen on the
       European Union Directive Implementing a Global Minimum Tax
       December 15, 2022
       Remarks by Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen at Bilateral
       Meeting with the President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall
       December 15, 2022
       Remarks by Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen at U.S.-Africa
       Leaders Summit: Heads of State Session on Food Security
       View All Remarks and Statements

Press Information
       Press Contacts
       Weekly Public Schedule Archive
       Webcasts
       Media Advisories Archive
       Subscribe to Press Releases

Twitter
       Tue, 12/20/2022 - 16:15
       RT @TreasuryDepSec: The general licenses released today reflect our
       commitment to ensuring humanitarian assistance and related trade
       contin…
       Fri, 12/16/2022 - 11:10
       At the #AfricaLeadersSummit, @SecYellen &amp; @TreasuryDepSec met with
       representatives from countries across Africa to…
       https://t.co/3NsL0OsGAj
       View All Tweets
     * Search
       Search ____________________________________________________________
       Go
       Search

The Public
          + General Public
               o Auctions
               o Report Scam Attempts
               o Savings Bonds

Businesses
          + All Businesses
               o Form 941, employer's quarterly federal tax return
               o Employer Identification Number (EIN)
          + Small Businesses
               o Small Business Contacts

Financial Institutions
          + All Financial Institutions
               o Specially Designated Nationals list
               o Interest rate statistics
               o Quarterly refunding information

Government
          + Federal Government
               o Budget, Financial Reporting, Planning and Performance
               o Shared Services
               o TreasuryDirect for Government

Breadcrumb

    1. Home
    2. Treasury International Capital (TIC) System

U.S. Liabilities to Foreigners from Holdings of U.S. Securities

   (BUTTON) Contact TIC &amp; Using TIC


REPORTS: Foreign Residents' Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities (SHL &amp; SHLA
annual surveys)

   -- (4-29-2022) Historical data from the surveys during 1974-2021 are
   available showing the market value of foreign portfolio holdings of
   U.S. securities by country and by type of security. (Also in "CSV" and
   "tab-delimited text" formats.)


    1. (4-29-2022).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/30/2021 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 30, 2021. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys. Click on the page number in the Table
       of Contents to go to a section of interest.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/29/2022.

    2. (4-30-2021).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/30/2020 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 30, 2020. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2021.

    3. (4-30-2020).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/28/2019 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 28, 2019. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2020.

    4. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/29/2018
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2018. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys. (There was a revision on 05-15-2019 when a correction was
       made in Exhibit 15 (p. 27), the accompanying discussion (p. 26),
       and the corresponding table in Appendix B (p. 11) because of a data
       processing error in the original file released on 04-30-2019.)
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2019.

    5. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2017
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2017. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2018.

    6. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2016
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2016. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/28/2017.

    7. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2015
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2015. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys since 2008.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in tab-delimited text format.
       -- There was a press release dated 05/31/2016.

    8. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2014
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the benchmark survey as
       of June 30, 2014. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2007.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in tab-delimited text format.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2015.

    9. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2013
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2013. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2006.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2014.

   10. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2012
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2012. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys since 2005. The 2012 data for Hong Kong and Taiwan have
       been revised since publication of this 2012 report. The revision is
       a shift of $83 billion in holdings of long-term agency securities
       from Hong Kong to Taiwan. This change affects the rows for Taiwan
       and Hong Kong in table 8, and in appendix tables A1, A2, A5, A7,
       and A9 in this 2012 report. In later reports, such as the survey
       report for June 30, 2013, the corrected data appear in historical
       appendix tables A7 and A9.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2013.

   11. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2011
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2011. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2004.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2012.

   12. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2010
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2010. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2003.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/29/2011.

   13. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2009 (PDF)
       (4-30-2010; table 2 revised 5-13-2010). This report presents the
       findings of the benchmark survey as of June 30, 2009. It includes
       comparisons with the results of previous surveys since 2002.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened into
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2010.

   14. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2008 (PDF)
       (4-30-09; 11-18-09 small corrections made to percentages shown in
       table 2; 9-20-10 totals corrected in table 24 on page 54). This
       report presents the findings of the annual survey as of June 30,
       2008. It includes comparisons with the results of previous surveys
       since 2000.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened into
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2009.

   15. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2007 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 04/30/2008.

   16. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2006 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 05/31/2007. This survey includes, for the
       first time, holdings of U.S. MBS securities, a part of ABS
       securities.

   17. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2005 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 06/30/2006.

   18. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2004 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 06/30/2005.

   19. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2003
       (PDF). This survey includes, for the first time, holdings of U.S.
       ABS securities.

   20. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2002
       (PDF). This survey includes, for the first time, holdings of
       short-term U.S. securities.

   21. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Long-Term Securities as of
       3/31/2000 (PDF) . This report presents the findings of the
       benchmark survey as of March 31, 2000. Chapter 3 presents selected
       estimates for end-2001.

   22. Foreign Portfolio Investment in the United States - 12/31/97. This
       report summarizes the findings of the benchmark survey as of
       December 31, 1994. It includes estimates for several aggregates as
       of end-1997.



   Reference - recommended


   (May 2012) Improving the Measurement of Cross-Border Securities
   Holdings: The Treasury International Capital SLT (PDF). In the wake of
   the financial crisis, growing interest in improving the measurement of
   cross-border securities positions spurred the introduction of a new
   Treasury International Capital (TIC) reporting form, the TIC SLT. This
   article reviews the existing structure of TIC cross-border position and
   flow data, the benefits that the new SLT can provide, and the incoming
   information from the first two reporting months of SLT data, September
   and December 2011. While some patterns and characteristics of the SLT
   data will become clear only after more data have accumulated, the SLT
   data have already begun to provide timely insights on U.S. and foreign
   cross-border investment flows that are different from the monthly
   estimates provided by existing flow data. It is from the Federal
   Reserve Bulletin, Volume 98, May 23, 2012, Board of Governors of the
   Federal Reserve System.
   For other articles on TIC data, see the Articles on TIC webpage.

Bureaus

     * Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade (TTB)
     * Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP)
     * Bureau of the Fiscal Service (BFS)
     * Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
     * Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
     * Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
     * U.S. Mint

Inspector General Sites

     * Office of Inspector General (OIG)
     * Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA)
     * Special Inspector General, Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP)
     * Report Scams, Fraud, Waste &amp; Abuse
     * Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery (SIGPR)

U.S. Government Shared

     * Enterprise Business Solutions
     * Administrative Resource Center (ARC)- Bureau of the Fiscal Service
     * Treasury Direct Services for Governments

Additional Resources

     * Privacy Act
     * Small Business Contacts
     * Budget and Performance
     * TreasuryDirect.gov Securities/Bonds
     * Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
     * No FEAR Act Data
     * Whistleblower Protection

Other Government Sites

     * USA.gov
     * USAJOBS.gov
     * OPM.gov
     * MyMoney.gov
     * Data.gov
     * Forms.gov
     * Regulations.gov
     * PaymentAccuracy.gov
     * my Social Security
     * Vote.gov

     * العربية
     * 中文
     * Español
     * 한국어
     * Tagalog
     * TiếngViệt

     * Privacy Policy
     * Google Privacy
     * Site Policies and Notices
     * FAQs
     * Feedback
     * Careers
     * Accessibility

   Required Plug-ins Adobe® Reader®
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-16">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   Home

   (BUTTON)
   Show more languages
     * English
     * Norsk

Foreigners in Norway

   Information about your health rights as a foreigner in Norway.

For those who work or study in Norway

     * Au pairs from countries outside the EU/EEA and Switzerland
     * Certificate S1 for employees, posted workers and pensioners
     * Cross-border workers in EU/EEA countries
     * Employees from a country outside the EU/EEA
     * Employees from the EU/EEA or Switzerland who live and work in
       Norway
     * Employees from the EU/EEA or Switzerland who work in Norway but do
       not live here
     * Posted workers from countries in the EU/EEA or Switzerland in
       Norway
     * Students from countries outside the EU/EEA or Switzerland studying
       in Norway
     * Students from the EU/EEA or Switzerland studying in Norway

EEA citizens seeking to receive planned healthcare in Norway

   As an EEA citizen you have the right to come to Norway and receive
   planned healthcare within the specialised health service here.

For tourists in Norway

     * Healthcare benefits during a temporary stay in Norway
     * Tourists from countries outside the EU/EEA and Switzerland on
       holiday in Norway
     * Tourists from the EU/EEA or Switzerland on holiday in Norway

For refugees and asylum seekers

     * Healthcare for asylum seekers and refugees in Norway
     * Healthcare for persons without legal residence in Norway
     * Healthcare for those who visit Norway without applying for
       protection (asylum)
     * Transfer from Ukraine to Norway for hospital treatment

   Smiling woman in a kitchen

Healthcare rights of pensioners moving to Norway

   This article explains the healthcare rights of pensioners who move to
   Norway.

   Illustration: Morten Rakke / Helfo

Did you find what you were looking for?

   (BUTTON)
   Yes
   (BUTTON)
   No
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-17">
<text>
Odisha Police

   Odisha police
     * Home

                                    image

DGP's Desk

   I assumed charge as Director General (HoPF) of Odisha Police ...
   odisha portal odisha portal

Notice and Advertisement GO TO MAIN WEBSITE

    1.

Detailed Advertisement for the recruitment of Constables(civil)-2022
    2.

Odisha Police Service (Method of Recruitment and Conditions of Service of
Constables ) Order-2021
    3.

Indicative Advertisement for recruitment of Constables(civil)-2022
    4.

Click here to apply

   india gov digital India odisha district

   State Police Headquarter, Buxi Bazar, Cuttack- 753001 , Odisha, India
   Phone: 0671-2304001, Fax Number : 0671-2304354 E-mail
   :sphqrs.odpol@nic.in
   copyright © 2013 - 2022 Odisha Police. All Rights Reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-18">
<text>
   Czech Republic Government

   euroskop.cz Informační centrum vlády

   Skip to: main text | navigation

Navigace

     * Home
     * Members of the Government
     * Government Meetings
     * Media Centre
     * European Affairs
     * Advisory and Working Bodies
     * Office of the Government

   [ ]

Search

   Insert text for searching

   _________________ search

     * česká verzeCZ

   ministersmeetingsmediaEUcouncilsoffice
     * Press Advisories
     * Scheduled Events
     * Press Releases
     * Press Conferences
     * Introducing
     * Government Meetings
     * Important Documents
     * Important Information
     * Contacts

Press Advisories

   28. 2. 2022 21:00

Important covid-19 measures for foreigners

   Important information regarded covid-19 measures for people coming to
   the Czech Republic.


     * On-line arrivals form for the Czech Republic
     * The rules for entering the territory of the Czech republic
     * Vaccination plan
     * Vaccination
     * Visiting Healthcare institutions
     * The obligation to wear face masks


On-line arrivals form for the Czech Republic

   The Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic has launched an on-line
   arrival form. It will have to be completed before arrival in the Czech
   Republic by all those who have stayed for more than 12 hours out of the
   last 14 days in any country that is not on the list of countries with a
   low Covid-19 risk, with the exception of employees of international
   transport firms, EU citizens and foreigners with a long-term or
   permanent residence permit in the EU passing through the Czech Republic
   in 12 hours or less, as well as diplomats and officials of
   international organizations registered with the Ministry of Foreign
   Affairs, provided that their stay here does not exceed 14 days.

   Passengers will find the form on the www.prijezdovyformular.cz website.
   The obligation to complete it will apply to travellers arriving in the
   Czech Republic from Monday 21 September 2020 inclusive.

   The form may be printed out or displayed on a mobile device and shown
   on arrival in the Czech Republic. The form also includes a section on
   fellow passengers, which need only be completed if they are family
   members under the age of 18. These persons need not therefore complete
   their own form, but are part of the form to be completed by an adult.

   After completion and submission of the form, a confirmation of
   completion will be sent to the user at the e-mail address given in the
   form. The e-mail contains a QR code and a link to display the entire
   confirmation, including all data provided. After scanning on any mobile
   phone, the QR code will display the on-line version of the confirmation
   for verification. The displayed verification contains all the data
   provided.

   Detailed information of the Ministry of the Interior.

The rules for entering the territory of the Czech Republic

   The Ministry of Health, as the authorised administrative body under
   Section 80(1)(h) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on the Protection of Public
   Health and on changes to certain related Acts, as amended (hereinafter
   referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”) has decreed the following
   protective measure through a procedure defined in Section 68(1) of Act
   No. 258/2000 Coll. to provide protection from the introduction of
   COVID-19 caused by the novel coronavirus SARSCoV-2:

   I.

   With effect as of 15 February 2022, 00:00 it has been

   I. ordered

   A. Arrivals from EU countries

   1. all persons traveling to the territory of the Czech Republic from EU
   countries, if they have not spent at least 12 hours in the last 14 days
   in a country outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are referred to
   in clause III;

   2. that persons referred to in clause I.7 are exempt from the
   obligations stated in clause I.1; exemptions from partial obligations
   are defined in clauses I.8 through I.12;

   B. Arrivals from non-EU countries

   3. citizens of the Czech Republic and other persons referred to in
   clause I.5 who travel to the territory of the Czech Republic from
   countries outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;
    4. if the person does not possess a national certificate on
       vaccination that has been carried out or a national certificate of
       completed vaccination, or a medical certificate on suffering
       COVID-19 disease in the past, they are required to submit
       themselves to an RT-PCR test not earlier than on the 5th day but no
       later than on the 7th day after their entry into the territory of
       the Czech Republic, if the person still remains in the territory of
       the Czech Republic, unless the public health protection authority
       decides differently in a completely exceptional case;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are reffered to
   in clause III;

   4. other persons who have stayed for more than 12 hours in the last 14
   days in a country outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;
    4. if the person does not possess a national certificate on
       vaccination that has been carried out or a national certificate of
       completed vaccination, or a medical certificate on suffering
       COVID-19 disease in the past, they are required to submit
       themselves to an RT-PCR test not earlier than on the 5th day but no
       later than on the 7th day after their entry into the territory of
       the Czech Republic, if the person still remains in the territory of
       the Czech Republic, unless the public health protection authority
       decides otherwise in a completely exceptional case;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are referred to
   in clause III;

   5. that other persons are
    1. EU citizens;
    2. family members of Czech citizens or family members of EU citizens
       with a residence permit in the territory of the EU;
    3. foreigners with an issued long-term or permanent residence permits
       in the territory of the EU;

   6. that persons referred to in clause I.7 are exempt from the
   obligations stated in clause I.1; exemptions from partial obligations
   are defined in clauses I.8 through I.12;

   e) Exemptions from Anti-epidemic Measures

   C. a) Exemptions from all anti-epidemic measures defined in this
   Protective Measure

   7. that the obligations arising from the anti-epidemic measures
   implemented under this Protective Measure and relating to arrivals from
   countries with a low, medium, high and very high risk of incidence of
   COVID-19 do not apply to:
    1. international transport employees, if the reason for entry is
       supported by adequate documentary evidence;
    2. persons who are authorised to enter the territory of the Czech
       Republic who


    1. travel via a land route directly to or directly from neighbouring
       countries for a period of time not exceeding 24 hours; except for
       travels started between 30 December 2021 and 1 January 2022;


    3. accredited members of diplomatic missions in the Czech Republic,
       including personal servants, holders of service passports issued by
       the Czech Republic and holders of diplomatic passports travel to or
       from the Czech Republic for purposes of official business and
       officials of international organisations registered with the
       Ministry of Foreign Affairs travelling to or from the Czech
       Republic for purposes of official business, provided that their
       stay in the territory or outside the territory does not exceed 72
       hours;
    4. minor persons with an intellectual disability, with an autism
       spectrum disorder and a cognitive disorder or with a severe
       alteration in mental status, whose mental capabilities or current
       mental status does not allow for complying with this Protective
       Measure and who have had a medical certificate issued in English
       for this purpose by a physician practicing in the Czech Republic or
       in another Member State of the European Union; the certificate must
       contain a seal and the physician’s identification information and
       telephone number;
    5. cross-border workers, pupils and students who legally cross the
       state border with the Czech Republic to or from a neighbouring
       country on a regular basis at least once a week for the purpose of
       performing work or receiving education, and persons who travel to
       or from a neighbouring country for the purpose of exercising the
       right of custody of a minor child or the right of contacting a
       minor child, or for the purpose of visiting a husband or a
       registered partner who is employed or studies in a neighbouring
       country;
    6. officials of the Penitentiary Service or police officers escorting
       individuals or serving as security officers accompanying airplanes;
    7. cross-border collaboration in actions of the integrated rescue
       system forces.
    8. children less than 12 years of age;

   C. b) Exemptions from certain anti-epidemic measures under this
   Protective Measure

   8. that in case of Czech citizens and other persons stated in clause
   I.5 who are arriving by individual means of transport, the obligations
   before arrival into the territory of the Czech Republic as stated in
   this Protective Measure in parts A. and B. do not apply;

   9. that the obligation to have the result of an RT-PCR test before a
   travel does not apply to a holder of a diplomatic note issued by the
   Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the impossibility to procure a test for
   the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus outside the territory of the Czech
   Republic;

   D. Arrival of Covid-positive Persons

   10. that the persons with COVID-19, except for the persons specified in
   clause I.14, are prohibited from entering the territory of the Czech
   Republic;

   11. the citizens of the Czech Republic and their co-travelling family
   members with an issued permit for temporary residence in the territory
   of the Czech Republic, the citizens of the European Union with an
   issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of the Czech
   Republic and the foreign nationals with a permit for permanent
   residence in the territory of the Czech Republic, issued by the Czech
   Republic, in whom a test proved the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus
   less than 14 days before their planned entry into the territory of the
   Czech Republic,
    1. to transport themselves to and subsequently within the territory of
       the Czech Republic by individual means of transport, if possible;
    2. if they are travelling by means of public transport, to notify the
       carrier of possible persisting COVID-19 before starting the travel;
    3. to notify the regional Public Health Office with territorial
       jurisdiction immediately after entering the territory of the Czech
       Republic regardless of the means of transport;

   E. Other Obligations of Persons and Government Authorities Relating to
   the Prevention of the Introduction or Spreading of COVID-19

   12. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries to accept
   only visa applications and applications for temporary and permanent
   residence permits, if the applications fall into the following
   categories:
    1. all the applications filed in third countries, which are on the
       list of countries or territories with a low risk of infection;
    2. all the applications for short-term visas of those persons who,
       under this Protective Measure, are holders of a national
       certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a national
       certificate of completed vaccination or those persons who have had
       COVID-19, and the period of validity of the certificate is longer
       than the period of validity of the short-term visa applied for; an
       embassy may determine preferential office hours for submission of
       such applications;
    3. applications for long-term or permanent residence permits; an
       embassy may determine preferential office hours for submission of
       such applications;
    4. applications for long-term visas;
    5. applications for short-term visas


    1. for the purpose of seasonal employment or for the purpose of
       employment, if the foreign national is going to be employed in food
       production, health care or social services, or short-term visas for
       the purpose of employment, if the applications are filed by
       citizens of Ukraine in Ukraine, unless they exceed the maximum
       number of such applications determined by the Ministry of foreign
       Affairs in consultation with the Ministry of Health;
    2. for scientists, key and highly skilled workers, provided that the
       conditions defined in the Key and Scientific Staff Programme and
       the Highly Skilled Employee Programme are met, and for workers
       servicing the critical infrastructure;
    3. for the reason specified in clauses II.1(d) through (I);

   13. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries and the
   Ministry of the Interior to stay all proceedings on applications for
   visa and residence permits filed at the embassies of the Czech Republic
   in third countries for those states whose measures implemented due to
   the COVID-19 pandemic do not allow to carry out operations;

   14. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries to enter a
   visa into a travel document based only on those applications, which can
   be accepted under clause I.

   15 or for which the proceedings were not stayed according to clause I.
   16; 15. third country nationals, who intend to enter the territory of
   the Czech Republic for the purpose of employment, to present a current
   certificate from the employer that the employer will employ the foreign
   national no later than before a long-term visa or a visa for the
   purpose of collection of a residence permit is entered into their
   travel document, if more than 90 days elapsed since the filing of an
   application for a long-term visa or a longterm residence permit;

   16. foreign nationals detained under Section 27 of Act No. 273/2008
   Coll., on the Police of the Czech Republic, or under Act No. 326/1999
   Coll., on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Territory of the
   Czech Republic and on changes to certain Acts, as amended, to submit
   themselves to the collection of a biological sample for the purpose of
   detecting the presence of COVID-19 and to provide healthcare
   professionals with the necessary collaboration in the process of taking
   this sample at the official sample-taking site of the provider of
   medical services or in the facility for detention of foreigners;

   17. carriers providing international transport of persons, which
   transport persons to the Czech Republic, to not allow transport of
   those travellers who are not authorised to enter the territory of the
   Czech Republic under this Protective Measure or who have failed to
   comply with the obligations specified in clauses I.1 and I.3, unless
   they are exempted from such obligations under clauses I.2 or clauses
   I.4 through I.10;

   II. prohibits

   1. all third country nationals from entering the territory of the Czech
   Republic; this does not apply:
    1. to foreign nationals who provide evidence that they stayed in a
       country with a low risk of infection for at least 14 days
       immediately before entering the territory of the Czech Republic and
       did not stay in the territories of countries with other than a low
       risk of infection for more than 12 hours during the last 14 days;
    2. to holders of valid long-term visas, long-term, temporary or
       permanent residence permits for the territory of the European
       Union;
    3. to foreign nationals who have been issued short-term visas by the
       Czech Republic after 11 May 2020 or by a Member State of the
       European Union on behalf of the Czech Republic under a bilateral
       agreement after 1 August 2021;
    4. to family members within the meaning of Section 15a of Act No.
       326/1999 Coll., on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the
       Territory of the Czech Republic and on changes to certain Acts, as
       amended, of citizens of the Czech Republic or citizens of the
       European Union;
    5. if in exceptional situations the entry and presence of a foreigner
       in the territory of the Czech Republic is absolutely necessary and
       at the same time the reason for entry is proved by an appropriate
       document issued by the head of the central state administration
       authority, which contains a proper specific justification of the
       necessity of the presence of a foreigner in the territory of the
       Czech Republic and fulfilment of the intended purpose cannot be
       ensured in any other way; a mere general indication of the need for
       presence does not fulfil the condition of a proper specific
       justification; the document cannot be issued for accompanying
       family members of the requesting foreigner;
    6. to workers in the field of international transport, provided that
       the reason for their entry is supported by an adequate document;
    7. to accredited members of diplomatic missions in the Czech Republic,
       including personal servants, holders of diplomatic passports
       travelling to the Czech Republic for the purposes of official
       business and to officials of international organisations registered
       with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs;
    8. in urgent extraordinary situations (such as the provision of
       planned medical services, performance of an obligation imposed by a
       court, a travel taken in response to a summons from a government
       authority, execution of a court decision, an official meeting, an
       entrance exam for studies, a national equivalency test, necessary
       care of close family members who are unable to take care of
       themselves on their own, exercise of custody of a minor child or
       exercise of the right to be in contact with a minor child, other
       humanitarian situations), provided that the reason for the entry is
       supported by an adequate document;
    9. a foreign national who is provably in a permanent relationship as a
       partner with a citizen of the Czech Republic or a citizen of the
       European Union with temporary residence exceeding 90 days or
       permanent residence in the Czech Republic, based particularly on
       sharing the same household, and who has been issued with a
       certificate from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in order to allow
       him/her to enter the territory of the Czech Republic under this
       clause;
   10. to vaccinated persons with a national certificate on vaccination
       that has been carried out, to vaccinated persons with a national
       certificate of completed vaccination and to persons who have had
       COVID-19, and the period of stay will not be longer than the period
       of validity of the certificate;
   11. in case of a minor child travelling with his or her legal guardian
       or accompanying another person who holds a national vaccination
       certificate or a national certificate of completed vaccination, or
       who is a person who has undergone COVID-19, and the validity of the
       certificate is longer than the intended length of stay; this
       provision cannot be used for school trips and similar group
       arrivals;
   12. if the entry is in the interest of the Czech Republic’s foreign
       policy, which is decided only by the Minister of Foreign Affairs;
       provided that they meet the conditions for entering as defined in
       this Protective Measure and are otherwise authorised to enter the
       territory of the Czech Republic;

   III. determines

   1. that the list of countries or territories with a low, medium, high
   and very high risk of incidence of COVID-19 is made based on the
   criteria specified in Council Recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 on a
   coordinated approach to facilitate safe free movement during the
   COVID-19 pandemic, with the criteria being:
    1. the “14-day cumulative COVID-19 case notification rate”, i.e. the
       total number of newly notified COVID-19 cases per 100,000
       population in the last 14 days at regional level;
    2. the 'vaccination rate', i.e. the cumulative rate of complete
       vaccination rate by primary vaccination in the general population
       at regional level;
    3. the “testing rate”, i.e. the number of tests for COVID-19 infection
       conducted during the last week per 100,000 population; while the
       following conditions also apply: to achieve an overall score, the
       fortnightly case reporting rate (C) should be weighted by the
       vaccination rate (V) in the region. If the value of either of these
       two criteria is not available at regional level, the value at
       national level should be used. The following formula should be used
       for this purpose: (C+C*(100-V)/100)/2=weighted rate and therefore


    1. the list of countries or territories with a low risk of incidence
       of COVID-19 always contains the Member States of the European Union
       or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted rate is
       lower than 40,
    2. the list of countries or territories with a medium risk of
       incidence of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European
       Union or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted
       rate is lower than 100, but higher than 40 or more,
    3. the list of countries or territories with a high risk of incidence
       of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European Union or, as
       the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted rate is lower
       than 300, but higher than 100 or more,
    4. the list of countries or territories with a very high risk of
       incidence of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European
       Union or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted
       rate is higher than 300 and the testing rate is 600 or less,

   the list of countries or territories is issued in the form of a
   protective measure;

   2. that complying with the obligation to present a Public Health
   Passenger Locator Form means presenting the form in such a format,
   which allows for definite identification of the holder and checking the
   filled out information; an electronic Public Health Passenger Locator
   Form is available on the website www.prijezdovyformular.cz; the
   personal data processed beyond the framework of Section 79(1) of Act
   No. 258/2000 Coll. are the number of the travel document, citizenship,
   electronic mail address and telephone number; by filling out and
   sending an Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the regional Public
   Health Office with jurisdiction over the person’s domicile or the
   person’s reported place of residence is notified, via remote access, of
   the person’s entry into the territory of the Czech Republic;
   information related to the person's stay abroad (visited countries) and
   the means of arrival to the Czech Republic, as well as information on
   the place of residence in the Czech Republic; the length of data
   retention is 3 months from the submitting of the Public Health
   Passenger Locator Form; access to the database of Public Health
   Passenger Locator Forms is possible according to Section 79(1) of Act
   on the Protection of Public Health by employees of the Regional Public
   Health Offices, Section of Public Health Protection and Support of the
   Ministry of Health and The Institute of Health Information and
   Statistics of the Czech Republic, for the purpose of activities focused
   on preventing or minimizing the import of COVID-19 disease into the
   Czech Republic, or preventing or minimizing further spread, in
   particular, to detect cases for sequencing samples, contact tracing,
   sanctioning for breach of obligations, in particular under this
   protective measure and the collection and analysis of anonymised
   statistical data;

   3. that a test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus/a
   test means:
    1. for antigen testing, a written certificate of the negative result
       of a rapid antigen test (RAT), which is not older than 24 hours
       from the date of the antigen test and it is a test included in the
       common and updated list of RAT tests established by the Council
       Recommendation of 21 January 2021 on a common framework for the use
       and validation of rapid antigen tests and the mutual recognition of
       COVID-19 test results in the EU;
    2. for RT-PCR testing, a written certificate of the negative result of
       an RT-PCR test, which is not older than 72 hours from the date of
       the RT-PCR test, issued by a person authorised to carry out this
       test in the country where it was carried out;

   if it is a test carried out in a territory, which is subject to the
   Regulation of the European Union on the Digital COVID Certificate1 , or
   in the territory of a third country, for which an implementing act was
   adopted pursuant to the Regulation of the European Union on the EU
   Digital COVID Certificate1 , the result will only be proved by a
   certificate of the test issued in accordance with the Regulation of the
   European Union on the Digital Covid Certificate2 ;

   4. that a vaccinated person with a national certificate on vaccination
   that has been carried out means a person who presents a valid national
   certificate on vaccination against COVID-19 that has been carried out,
   issued under the Regulation of the European Union on the EU Digital
   COVID Certificate3 , provided that at least 14 days elapsed from
   completion of the vaccination scheme, and in the case of a person who
   has reached the age of 18 and at the same time a maximum of 270 days
   elapsed from completion of vaccination scheme or has been vaccinated
   with a booster dose, and who does not show any symptoms of COVID-19;

   5. that a vaccinated person with a national certificate on completed
   vaccination means a person who presents a valid national certificate on
   completed vaccination against COVID19 as referred to in clauses III.6
   or III.7, provided that at least 14 days elapsed from completion of the
   vaccination scheme, and in the case of a person who has reached the age
   of 18 and at the same time a maximum of 270 days elapsed from
   completion of vaccination scheme or has been vaccinated with a booster
   dose, and who does not show any symptoms of COVID-19; provided that the
   person was vaccinated using:
    1. a medicinal product containing a vaccine against COVID-19, which
       was granted registration under Regulation (EC) No 726/2004; or
    2. a medicinal product, the production of which is in accordance with
       the patent of the medicinal product referred to in item a),
       provided that this medicinal product was also approved by the World
       Health Organisation for emergency use; the list of products
       referred to in items a) and b) is published on the website of the
       Ministry of Health;

   6. that a national certificate of completed vaccination means a written
   confirmation issued at least in the English language by an authorised
   person operating in a third country, which is not the country issuing
   the certificate referred to in clause III.7 is in the list of
   recognised national certificates on the website of the Ministry of
   Health; the written confirmation must contain information on the
   vaccinated person, the type of vaccine administered, the date of
   administration of the vaccine, identification of the entity, which
   issued the confirmation, and
    1. it must be possible to verify this information directly from the
       written conformation via a remote access;
    2. it is a third country in which vaccination with a medicinal product
       is carried out in accordance with clause III.5, the vaccination
       rate is higher than in the Czech Republic, the country provides
       reliable and verifiable data on the pandemic and cooperates within
       international organizations combating the pandemics;

   7. that a national certificate of completed vaccination is also deemed
   to be a certificate on completed vaccination issued to a vaccinated
   person according to clause III.5 by an authorised person operating in a
   third country, for which the implementing Act was adopted according to
   the Regulation of the European Union on the EU Digital COVID
   Certificate4 and the template which is in the same time published in
   the list of national certificates on the website of the Ministry of
   Health;

   8. that a person who has had COVID-19 is deemed to be that person who
   presents a certificate that he/she has had COVID-19, issued according
   to the Regulation of the European Union on the Digital COVID
   Certificate5 or by an authorised entity operating in a third country,
   for which the implementing Act was adopted under the Regulation of the
   European Union on the EU Digital COVID Certificate6 , and at least 11
   days but no more than 180 days elapsed from the first positive result
   of an RT-PCR test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2
   virus; if the certificate has been issued by a third country, it must
   be in the same time published in the list of national certificates on
   the website of the Ministry of Health, which is identical to the list
   according to clause III.7;

   9. that a person who has had COVID-19 is also deemed to be a holder of
   a diplomatic note, issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs; such
   holders can be citizens of the Czech Republic and their co-travelling
   family members with an issued temporary residence permit for the
   territory of the Czech Republic, citizens of the European Union with an
   issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of the Czech
   Republic or foreign nationals with a permanent residence permit for the
   territory of the Czech Republic issued by the Czech Republic,
   certifying a documented completed isolation due to COVID-19 in the
   country of departure before their entry into the territory of the Czech
   Republic; a diplomatic note is not usually issued earlier than 14 days
   after the first positive result of an RT-PCR test for detection of the
   presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and it cannot be used for purposes of
   the applications referred to in clause I.15 and for purposes of an
   entry referred to in clause II.1;

   10. that necessary travel means restriction of free movement to the
   absolutely necessary minimum, with the exception of:
    1. travels absolutely necessary to procure the basic necessities of
       life and to ensure care of children; b) travels absolutely
       necessary to procure items to take care of animals, to use the
       necessary financial and postal services, to refuel;
    2. urgent or otherwise necessary travels to a provider of healthcare
       services;
    3. travels to social services facility;
    4. travels to take care of urgent official matters;
    5. funerals;

   11. that a citizen of a third country is a foreign national, except for
   a citizen of the European Union and a foreign national within the
   meaning of Section 1(3) of Act No. 326/1999 Coll., on the Residence of
   Foreign Nationals in the Territory of the Czech Republic and on changes
   to certain Acts, as amended;

   12. that for the purposes of this Protective Measure, Member States of
   the European Union are deemed to include, in addition to the Member
   States of the European, the Principality of Andorra, the Republic of
   Iceland, the Principality of Liechtenstein, the Principality of Monaco,
   the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of San Marino, the Swiss
   Confederation and the Vatican City State; all other countries are
   deemed to be third countries;

   13. that for the purposes of this Protective Measure, the term “written
   confirmation” means both a hardcopy format (an original or a simple
   copy) and an electronic format, as long as it contains the name,
   surname and date of birth or the number of the travel document of a
   specific addressee; a written confirmation in an electronic format
   cannot be presented in the form of an SMS message;

   14. that the holders of diplomatic notes on the impossibility to take a
   test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus in the
   country of departure can be citizens of the Czech Republic and their
   co-travelling family members with an issued temporary residence permit
   for the territory of the Czech Republic, citizens of the European Union
   with an issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of
   the Czech Republic, foreign nationals with a permanent residence permit
   for the territory of the Czech Republic issued by the Czech Republic
   and the workers servicing critical infrastructure, whose performance of
   their activities is in the interest of the Czech Republic;

   15. that a means of public transport is such a means of transport, in
   which persons who are not members of the same household are being
   transported at the given moment;

   16. that if an embassy of the Czech Republic is accredited for more
   countries then the current inclusion of the given country in the list
   of countries or territories with a low, medium, high and very high risk
   of incidence of COVID-19 is decisive for the acceptance and processing
   of visa applications and residence permit applications from each of the
   countries.

   17. that individual transport is a journey by such means of transport
   in which only persons who are members of the same household are
   transported at a given moment

   18. that the rate in the Czech Republic is published here:
   https://www.mzcr.cz/tiskove-centrum/datove-tiskove-zpravy-ke-covid-19/

   II.

   With effect as of 15 February 2022 at 00:00, the Protective Measure of
   the Ministry of Health dated 23 December 2021, ref. no.: MZDR
   20599/2020-139/MIN/KAN, have been repealed.

   III.

   This Protective Measure has become effective on the date on which it
   has been issued.

Vaccination campaign action plan

   The Government

   I. acknowledges the information from the Minister of Health on the
   Methodical Instruction for the Vaccination Campaign Action plan
   (hereinafter the “Methodical Instruction”) contained in part III of
   material Ref. No. 37/21;

   II. issues preliminary consent to the Ministry of Health’s intention to
   issue:

   1. an extraordinary measure which, effective from 14 January 2021,
   orders all healthcare service providers that have been supplied with a
   medicinal product containing a vaccination substance against COVID-19,
   procured using government budget funds based on Commission Decision
   C(2020) 4192, to perform the vaccination of persons participating in
   the public health insurance system in the Czech Republic or persons who
   are entitled to the provision of healthcare services in the Czech
   Republic, as though they were participants in the public health
   insurance system in the Czech Republic, in accordance with the
   Methodical Instruction and related activities, set forth in Annex No. 1
   to this resolution,

   2. an extraordinary measure which, effective from 12:00 a.m. of 14
   January 2021, orders all healthcare service providers that have
   established a distribution vaccination center, large-capacity
   vaccination center or vaccination center in compliance with the
   Methodical Instruction, upon any reception or dispensing of the vaccine
   against COVID-19, even to another healthcare service provider, to
   submit to the National Vaccination Dispatching on an ongoing basis via
   the defined electronic reporting system of the Covid Forms App web
   application and related activities, set forth in Annex No. 2 to this
   resolution;

   III. orders the Ministry of Health to evaluate the application practice
   of the Methodical Instruction after 14 days and to potentially amend
   the Methodical Instruction based on this evaluation and inform the
   government of this fact immediately.

Vaccination from 15 January 2022

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and on the amendment of certain related acts, as
   amended (hereinafter “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”) and Section 2(1) of Act
   No. 94/2021 Coll., on Extraordinary Measures during the COVID-19
   Disease Epidemic and on the amendment of certain related acts
   (hereinafter “Act No. 69 Coll.), orders this Extraordinary Measure,
   proceeding pursuant to Section 1(69)(b) and (2) of Act No. 258/2000
   Coll., and pursuant to Section 2(2)(b) through (e), (h), (i) and (m) of
   Act No. 94/2021 Coll., in order to protect the population against the
   further spread of the COVID-19 disease caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2
   coronavirus:

   1. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 30 August 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   32802/2021-1/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 10 September 2021, Ref. No.
   MZDR 32802/2021-3/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/2(b), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   2. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 27 October 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   15757/2020-61/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 10 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020-
   62/MIN/KAN, and as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the Ministry
   of Health of 13 December 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020-63/MIN/KAN, is
   amended in that
    1. in point I/2(e) the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination schedule based on the summary of
       product characteristics” are replaced with “at least 14 days have
       passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and in the
       case of employees at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days
       have passed or they have received a booster dose”,
    2. in point I/2(f) the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination schedule based on the summary of
       product characteristics” are replaced with “at least 14 days have
       passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and in the
       case of persons at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days
       have passed or they have received a booster dose”.

   3. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 18 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   47828/2020-31/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2022, Ref. No.
   MZDR 1519/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that that in point II(d), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14  days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   4. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 18 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14597/2021-5/MIN/KAN, is amended in that that in point I/1(c) and in
   point I/3(c), the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14
   days have passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and,
   in the case of a person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270
   days have passed or they have received a booster dose;”.

   5. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 22 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   423/2021-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point 2(a), the words “at
   least 14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a person at
   least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they have
   received a booster dose;”.

   6. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 29 December 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14601/2021-34/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2022, Ref. No.
   MZDR 1518/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/15(b), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   7. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   1520/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/2(c), the words “at
   least 18 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 270 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a employees
   at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they
   have received a booster dose;”.

   8. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 26 January 2022, Ref. No. MZDR
   1515/2022-2/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point XIV/1(a), the words
   “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a student at
   least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they have
   received a booster dose;”.

Reporting of test results into the ISIN

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and amendments to certain related acts, as amended
   (hereinafter referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”), orders this
   Extraordinary Measure, proceeding pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2)
   of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., in order to protect the population and
   prevent the occurrence and spread of the COVID-19 disease caused by the
   new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus:

   I.

   Effective from 9 March 2021, all healthcare service providers who
   perform examinations to determine the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus
   antigen using POC antigen tests are ordered to report, electronically
   and without undue delay, information about every result of the POC
   antigen tests to determine the presence of SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen
   into the Information System of Infectious Diseases (ISIN). A mandatory
   part of the reported information about the result of the POC antigen
   test is information about whether the patient is symptomatic or
   asymptomatic.

   II.

   Effective from 9 March 2021, the Extraordinary Measure of 21 December
   2020, Ref. No. MZDR 60890/2020-1/MIN/KAN, is repealed.

   III.

   This Extraordinary Measure takes effect on the date it is issued.

Visits at  healthcare and social service institutions

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and on the amendment of certain related acts, as
   amended, and Section 2(1) of Act No. 94/2021 Coll., on Extraordinary
   Measures during the COVID-19 Disease Epidemic and on the amendment of
   certain related acts, orders this Extraordinary Measure, proceeding
   pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., and
   pursuant to Section 2(2)(b) of Act No. 94/2021 Coll., in order to
   protect the population against the further spread of the COVID-19
   disease caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus:

   I.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 22 November 2021 until the cancellation of
   this Extraordinary Measure:

   1. visits to patients at healthcare facilities are restricted among all
   healthcare service providers, in that visits may only be permitted
   under the condition that the person visiting the patient does not show
   clinical symptoms of COVID-19, and (with the exception of children
   under 12 years of age) demonstrates to the healthcare service provider
   that they meet the following conditions:
    1. the person has taken an RT-PCR test for the presence of the
       SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen with a negative result no more than 72
       hours ago, or
    2. the person has taken a rapid antigen test (RAT) for the presence of
       the SARS-CoV-2 antigen with a negative result no more than 24 hours
       ago, carried out by a healthcare professional, or the person has
       been vaccinated against COVID-19 and submits a national certificate
       of completed vaccination or a certificate of completed vaccination
       issued pursuant to the European Union regulation on the EU COVID
       digital certificate EU COVID1 , under the condition that at least
       14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
       program;a national certificate of performed vaccination refers to a
       written confirmation issued at least in the English language by an
       authorized entity operating in a third country, a specimen of which
       is published in the list of recognized national certificates on the
       website of the Ministry of Health; the written confirmation must
       contain data about the vaccinated person, administered type of
       vaccine, date of administration of the vaccine and identification
       of the entity that issued the confirmation of that vaccination,
       whereas these data must be verifiable via remote access directly
       from the written confirmation, assuming vaccination was performed
       using


    1. a medicinal product containing a COVID-19 vaccine granted market
       authorization under Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004, or
    2. a medicinal product manufactured in accordance with a patent for
       the medicinal product pursuant to point i), if this medicinal
       product has been approved by the World Health Organization for
       emergency use; or


    3. the person has undergone a laboratory-confirmed case of COVID-19,
       where the period of ordered isolation has ended, and no more than
       180 days have passed since the first positive RT-PCR test for the
       presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus or rapid antigen test (RAT) for
       the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 antigen,

   unless the healthcare service provider stipulates otherwise in
   justified cases by means of an organizational measure; the person
   visiting a patient who fulfils one of the listed conditions may conduct
   the visit while observing the provider’s other systemic measures,

   2. prohibits all healthcare service providers from allowing the
   presence of a third party during childbirth at a healthcare facility,
   if the following conditions are not met:
     * childbirth takes place in a separate birthing room or box with its
       own social amenities,
     * contact between the third party and other birthing mothers is
       restricted,
     * a third person is subject to the same rules as person visiting a
       patient pursuant to point 1,

   3. visits to users among all social service providers, at homes for
   seniors and homes with special regimes, and all social service
   residential facilities (pursuant to Section 44, 49 and 50 of Act No.
   108/2006 Coll., on Social Services), are restricted in that visits may
   only be permitted under the condition that the person visiting the user
   does not show clinical symptoms of COVID-19 and (with the exception of
   children under 12 years of age) demonstrates to the social service
   provider that they meet the following conditions:
    1. the person has taken an RT-PCR test for the presence of the
       SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen with a negative result no more than 72
       hours ago, or
    2. the person has taken a rapid antigen test (RAT) for the presence of
       the SARS-CoV-2 antigen with a negative result no more than 24 hours
       ago, carried out by a healthcare professional, or
    3. the person has been vaccinated against COVID-19 and submits a
       national certificate of completed vaccination or a certificate of
       completed vaccination issued pursuant to the European Union
       regulation on the EU COVID digital certificate1 , under the
       condition that at least 14 days have passed since the completion of
       the vaccination program; a national certificate of completed
       vaccination refers to a written confirmation issued at least in the
       English language by the authorized entity operating in a third
       country, a specimen of which is published in the list of recognized
       national certificates on the website of the Ministry of Health; the
       written confirmation must contain data about the vaccinated person,
       administered type of vaccine, date of administration of the
       vaccine, identification of the entity that issued the confirmation
       of that vaccination, whereas these data must be verifiable via
       remote access directly from the written confirmation, assuming the
       vaccination was performed using


    1. a medicinal product containing a COVID-19 vaccine granted market
       authorization under Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004, or
    2. a medicinal product manufactured in accordance with a patent for
       the medicinal product pursuant to point i), if this medicinal
       product has been approved by the World Health Organization for
       emergency use; or


    4. the person has undergone a laboratory-confirmed case of COVID-19,
       where the period of ordered isolation has ended, and no more than
       180 days have passed since the first positive RT-PCR test for the
       presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus or rapid antigen test (RAT) for
       the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 antigen, unless the social services
       provider stipulates otherwise in justified cases by means of an
       organizational measure; the person visiting a user who fulfils one
       of the listed conditions may conduct the visit while observing the
       provider’s other systemic measures.

   II.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 22 November 2021, the Extraordinary
   Measure of the Ministry of Health of 5 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14597/2021-4/MIN/KAN, is repealed.

The obligation to wear face masks

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and amendments to Certain Related Acts, as amended
   (hereinafter referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”), orders this
   Extraordinary Measure, proceeding pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2)
   of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., to protect the population and prevent the
   occurrence and spread of COVID-19 caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2
   coronavirus:

   I.

   1. Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all persons are prohibited from
   moving around and being present without the protection of their airways
   (nose, mouth), which is a respirator or similar device (always without
   an exhalation valve) meeting at least all the technical conditions and
   requirements (for the product), including a filtration effectiveness of
   at least 94% in accordance with the relevant standards, which prevents
   the spread of droplets, specifically:
    1. in the internal spaces of buildings that serve as a:


    1. retail outlet;
    2. service provision outlet;
    3. healthcare facility;
    4. social service buildings, such as weekly care centers, homes for
       persons with medical handicaps, homes for senior citizens and homes
       with a special regime, and facilities providing facilitating social
       services in residential form;
    5. international airports;
    6. universities, schools or school facilities, with the exception of
       primary school pupils during education at primary school, school
       groups or school clubs, pupils on the lower levels of six-year and
       eight-year high school during education at high school, pupils of
       the first four years of an eight-year conservatory curriculum
       during education at a conservatory, if they use a medical face mask
       or similar device meeting at least all the technical conditions and
       requirements (for the product) of the CSN EN 14683+AC standard that
       prevent the spreading of droplets,
    7. museums, galleries, exhibition grounds, publicly accessible
       historical or cultural monuments (castles, chateaux or similar
       historical monuments, etc.), observatories and planetariums or
       places where trade fairs or retail economic exhibitions are held,
    8. gambling halls, casinos, music, dance, gaming and similar social
       clubs or discotheques,


    2. in all other indoor premises of buildings not specified in point
       2(a), except for the place of residence or accommodation (e.g.
       hotel room), where there are at least 2 persons present in the same
       place at the same time at a distance of less than 1.5 meters,
       unless these are exclusively members of one household.
    3. in means of public transit, including vehicular transit for third
       party use, the subject of which is passenger transport (in
       particular taxi service),
    4. as concerns attendees at concerts and other musical, theatre, film
       or other artistic performances, circuses and variety shows and
       sports matches,
    5. during participation at congresses, educational events and
       examinations in person,
    6. during participation at public or private events, including
       assemblies pursuant to Act No. 84/1990 Coll., on the Right of
       Assembly, as amended, during which multiple persons gather in one
       place, unless these are members of one household; this applies
       to outdoor premises in cases when the event is attended by 30 or
       more people, where they do not maintain a distance of 1.5
       meters, with the exception of children under 15 years of age, who
       may also wear different types of protective equipment at these
       places, such as a medical face mask or similar device meeting at
       least all the technical conditions and requirements (for the
       product) under CSN EN 14683+AC, which prevents the spread of
       droplets, unless they are subject to the exception under point 2.

   In exceptional cases, when it is necessary for the child, pupil or
   student to see the teacher’s mouth during teaching, it is possible for
   the teacher to use a protective shield as protective respiratory
   equipment, under the condition that they maintain a distance of
   at least 1.5 meters from the children, pupils or students. Pupils or
   students performing practice, practical schooling or practical training
   at the workplaces of legal entities and natural persons shall observe
   the rules applied to employees at this workplace.

   2. The prohibition pursuant to paragraph 1 does not apply to:
    1. children that have not yet commenced mandatory school attendance;
       this does not apply to children in preparatory classes of primary
       school and children in the preparatory level of special primary
       school,
    2. children, pupils and students as a part of educational activities
       for which the wearing of protective equipment is impossible (in
       particular physical education, singing and playing wind
       instruments),
    3. teaching staff members or academic workers as a part of educational
       activities whose character does not enable the wearing of a
       protective device (in particular physical education, singing and
       playing wind instruments), if they maintain a distance of at
       least 1.5 metres from others,
    4. children in preparatory classes of primary school, children in the
       preparatory level of special primary school, pupils and students
       during schooling who are seated at a desk or otherwise seated,
    5. teaching staff members or academic workers that were vaccinated
       against COVID-19 and at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination programme in accordance with the
       summary of product characteristics, during the provision
       of education,
    6. carers in a children’s group that were vaccinated against COVID-19
       and at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
       vaccination programme in accordance with the summary of product
       characteristics, during the provision of care in accordance with
       Act No. 47/2014 Coll., on the Provision of Child Care Services in a
       Children’s Group and Amending Related Acts, as amended,
    7. examined persons and examiners at school or university, if all the
       persons maintain a distance of at least 1.5 meters,
    8. accommodated children, pupils or students while staying in their
       room (i.e., outside of the common areas) at a boarding school or
       children’s home or during school field trips;
    9. children and employees in educational facilities for the
       performance of institutional education or protective education and
       schools established as a part of them and centers of educational
       care when providing services in the form of boarding;
   10. schools established by the Ministry of Justice;
   11. children and employees at facilities for children requiring
       immediate assistance,
   12. persons with intellectual disorders, disorders on the autistic
       spectrum and cognitive disorders or severe alterations of their
       mental state, whose mental capacity or current mental state does
       not allow them to observe this prohibition;
   13. patients, if they are hospitalised in inpatient healthcare
       facilities or if this is necessary for the provision of healthcare
       services;
   14. healthcare workers for the necessary period of time, if required
       for the provision of healthcare services;
   15. social service users in social service buildings, such as weekly
       care centers, homes for persons with a medical handicap, homes for
       senior citizens and homes with a special regime, and in facilities
       providing facilitating social services in residential form;
   16. other cases worthy of consideration that are stipulated by a
       healthcare or social service provider or attending doctor for
       movement and staying in healthcare facilities and social service
       facilities;
   17. persons while performing work at the workplace or while performing
       similar activities, for the period when they perform this activity
       in one place without the presence of other persons,
   18. persons while performing work at the workplace or while performing
       similar activities in accordance with adopted and implemented
       hygiene, technical, organisational and other measures to prevent
       risks stipulated by the employer in accordance with Section 102
       of Act No. 262/2006 Coll., the Labour Code, as amended, provided
       they are equipped, at least, with other protective devices, which
       are a medical face mask or similar device fulfilling at least all
       the technical conditions and requirements (for the product) of
       the CSN EN 14683+AC standard, that prevent the spread of droplets,
   19. persons driving public transport vehicles who are not in direct
       contact with passengers during their boarding and alighting;
   20. judges, lay assessors, public prosecutors, accused persons and
       their defense counsel, parties to civil, administrative and
       constitutional court proceedings and their representatives,
       witnesses, experts, interpreters and other persons on which a
       court decides, in the place and at the time of the court
       proceedings;
   21. persons performing copyrighted works (e.g. theatre, dance or
       musical performances), lecturers and persons participating in the
       creation and production of audio-visual works or programs;
   22. hosts, reporters and other persons appearing on radio, television
       and other programs;
   23. persons performing work classified by a decision of the competent
       public health protection authority in category three or four due to
       the risk factor affecting working conditions of heat stress, and
       also persons performing work which has not yet been categorised and
       for which it can be anticipated that, after categorization has
       been performed, it will be classified in category three or four due
       to the presence of a risk factor affecting working conditions of
       heat stress;
   24. customers of catering establishments while consuming food and
       meals, including drinks, subject to the condition that the customer
       is sitting at a table;
   25. persons outside catering establishments for the necessary period
       for the consumption of food and meals, including drinks;
   26. a couple being married over the course of the wedding ceremony and
       other persons attending the ceremony, and persons declaring that
       they are entering into registered partnership together and other
       persons attending this declaration;
   27. persons for the essential time needed to take their portrait
       photograph, or photographs of newlyweds, including a group
       photograph with household members and other direct relatives, and
       other close persons and persons for the period of time required to
       take photographs during photography sessions organised by the
       school or school facility,
   28. athletes or persons exercising during training, exercises, matches,
       competitions, etc., including running and cycling, and trainers,
       other team members within the framework of collective sports, and
       referees during participation in sporting activities or
       training conducted within competitions organised by sports unions
       or umbrella sports organizations,
   29. persons on the premises of artificial swimming areas, swimming
       pools, bathing pools, pools for infants and toddlers and paddling
       pools, spa and therapeutic pools, saunas, wellness facilities and
       salt caves,
   30. persons for the period of time necessary to provide services which
       are provided to the  person in the area of their head and neck and
       where use of protective equipment would prevent the provision of
       this service, such as barber shops, hairdressing salons, solariums,
       cosmetic, massage and similar regenerative or reconditioning
       services or other similar services during which skin integrity is
       breached,
   31. persons during the organised activity of choirs, and only at the
       place of actual performance of the activity (singing) and during
       this activity,
   32. persons participating in rehabilitation events or other similar
       events, both residential and non-residential, events or persons
       under 18 years of age when staying in and moving about the indoor
       and outdoor venue of the event (e.g., campground) and in
       the countryside, if no other mass event is held concurrently in the
       same place,
   33. members and employees of the basic components of the Integrated
       Rescue System, if they use a mask or half mask meeting all of the
       technical conditions and requirements (for the product) of the CSN
       EN 140 +A1 standard,
   34. persons who are unable for serious medical reasons to wear a
       respirator or medical face mask or similar device fulfilling at
       least all the technical conditions and requirements (for the
       product) of the CSN EN 14683+AC standard, that prevent the spread
       of droplets, and who are able to prove this fact by a medical
       certificate; however, such persons shall be required to wear other
       respiratory protective equipment pursuant to this measure, which is
       specified in the medical certificate, except where the
       medical certificate specifically states that the person concerned
       cannot wear any respiratory protective equipment.

   3. Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all employers are ordered to equip
   employees with respirators, in a sufficient number for each work shift;
   this does not apply if the employee does not come into contact with
   other persons during the period of work performance and in connection
   with work performance (e.g., remote work performance outside of the
   employer’s premises).

   4. Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all healthcare service providers
   are directed to only issue a certificate under paragraph 2(hh) to
   persons who are prevented from using respiratory protective
   equipment pursuant to this measure for serious medical reasons, and are
   further directed to make a record of that fact and the reasons for it,
   including the diagnosis, in the person's medical records, including
   that the natural person has been advised of the risks associated with
   not using respiratory protective equipment pursuant to this measure.

   II.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021, this Extraordinary
   Measure repeals the Extraordinary Measure of the Ministry of Health of
   22 October 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020- 60/MIN/KAN.

   print article   email   facebook   twitter

Hotline 1221

   COVID-19 information hotline (dial 1221) is also available in English
   from anywhere in the Czech Republic on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   and on weekends from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

Useful information

   Current information on COVID-19 on the website of the Ministry of
   Health – information for citizens and healthcare workers, current data.

   The European coronavirus response team

Related items

   9. 2. 2022
          Measures adopted by the Czech Government against the coronavirus

   25. 11. 2021
          The Government Decides to Proclaim a State of Emergency for 30
          days, Limit Mass Events, Restaurants Operation or Alcohol
          Consumption in Public

   20. 10. 2021
          The Government Discussed Changes in Anti-epidemic Measures

   23. 8. 2021
          Preventive tests for Covid-19 will remain free for all insured,
          government decides

   1. 7. 2021
          Government agrees to tighten anti-epidemic measures due to the
          spread of the more contagious Delta mutation of the coronavirus

   28. 6. 2021
          Government approves aid to people and municipalities in South
          Moravia affected by a natural disaster

   14. 6. 2021
          Non-state cultural heritage sites will also receive financial
          support during the epidemic, pupils in other regions will put
          away their masks and respi

   7. 6. 2021
          Government worked on the 2022 state budget, approved the next
          steps in the dispute with Poland over mining in the Turów mine

   31. 5. 2021
          The government will propose extraordinary increase in pensions
          by CZK 300, and has extended the Antivirus A programme by a
          month

   28. 5. 2021
          All remaining services to open under set conditions from Monday,
          the government agrees

   24. 5. 2021
          Government discusses Coal Commission outcomes and emergency
          measure amendments while deciding to help at-risk women tackle
          menstrual poverty

   21. 5. 2021
          Government to set rules for COVID passports, agreed with
          extending the protection period after recovering from COVID-19
          from 90 to 180 days

   17. 5. 2021
          Government approved proposal of National Recovery Plan for
          nearly 200 billion, agreed with further easement of epidemic
          control measures

   10. 5. 2021
          From tomorrow, self-payers may stay at spas, on Monday,
          restaurants open outdoor seating and cultural life resumes,
          government approved

   6. 5. 2021
          Restrictions to ease in remaining regions from Monday as
          government extends compensation bonus and covid programmes

   3. 5. 2021
          The Government Discussed a Proposal for the Next Phase of
          Loosening Anti-Epidemic Measures from 10 May

   29. 4. 2021
          From Monday, Children in Three Other Regions and in Prague will
          Return to Schools and Kindergartens, the Government Agreed

   26. 4. 2021
          Hairdressers and other body care services will open on 3 May,
          more pupils will return to schools in three regions

   22. 4. 2021
          The Government Has Discussed a Plan for Further Restriction
          Lifting, Which Will Depend on the Number of Newly Infected Cases
          in the Population

   19. 4. 2021
          The government extended the Antivirus programme, and approved
          the National Strategy for Countering Hybrid Action

   12. 4. 2021
          Government extended the guarantee scheme for firms; the State
          will subsidise children's groups and labs sequencing coronavirus
          strains

   6. 4. 2021
          The state of emergency to end on Monday, some restrictions will
          be lifted, first children back in schools and nurseries

   22. 3. 2021
          Government to ask the Chamber of Deputies to extend the state of
          emergency, mandatory testing for the self-employed and
          non-profit organisations

   18. 3. 2021
          The government has extended the measures up to 28 March and
          expanded the mandatory testing to public employers with less
          than 50 employees

   15. 3. 2021
          Mandatory employee testing even for small companies, the
          government decides

   8. 3. 2021
          The government approves bonuses for healthcare and social
          services workers, new programmes to help entrepreneurs

   5. 3. 2021
          The Government has imposed the work obligation on pupils and
          students of medical schools, testing will be mandatory for
          employees in the public sector

   3. 3. 2021
          The government calls outpatient physicians to arms in the battle
          against covid-19, obliging them to perform certain duties

   2. 3. 2021
          Employees will be allowed to eat in company canteens provided
          they keep a safe distance from each other

   1. 3. 2021
          The government will ask the Parliament to increase the
          compensation for persons in quarantine, employees to face
          mandatory testing

   26. 2. 2021
          The government declares state of emergency until 28 March, free
          movement and retail rules to be tightened from Monday, schools
          to close again

   25. 2. 2021
          The government will ask the Chamber of Deputies to extend the
          state of emergency until the end of March

   23. 2. 2021
          The Government has extended the Antivirus program until the end
          of April, people will have to wear a respirator or surgical
          masks in selected places f

   15. 2. 2021
          Government approves draft changes to crisis legislation and
          pilot project for testing in schools

   14. 2. 2021
          At the request of regional governors, government declares 14-day
          state of emergency

   11. 2. 2021
          The government has decided to restrict movement in the three
          worst affected districts

   8. 2. 2021
          The government asks the Chamber of Deputies for another 30 days
          of the state of emergency, and wants to simplify the support for
          enterpreneurs

   1. 2. 2021
          Government has agreed to temporarily waive VAT on respirators
          and to extend support for food producers

   28. 1. 2021
          The government has made adjustments to the measures, and further
          restrictions on the use of hotel services or contacts will be
          ordered from Saturday

   25. 1. 2021
          Government Approves State Guaranteed Loans for Hotel Proprietors

   22. 1. 2021
          Government extends duration of state of emergency until 14
          February, will allow children's groups to run

   18. 1. 2021
          Government to request that Chamber of Deputies extend state of
          emergency until 21 February, approves further assistance
          programmes for businesses

   13. 1. 2021
          Government acquaints itself with vaccination strategy for the
          Czech Republic, vaccination sites must start reporting on
          vaccine consumption

   11. 1. 2021
          Government approves aid to operators of ski resorts, students do
          not need to tax remuneration for work during work duties

   7. 1. 2021
          Government extends force of emergency measures to 22 January;
          antigen tests also to continue to be provided free of charge

   4. 1. 2021
          Government approves further aid for closed premises, wants to
          extend easier administration of social benefits during pandemic

   23. 12. 2020
          Government extends state of emergency for a further 30 days,
          with more stringent measures to take effect on 27 December

   21. 12. 2020
          Government discusses current pandemic situation and vaccination
          preparations

   17. 12. 2020
          Government to ask Chamber of Deputies to extend state of
          emergency to 22 January

   14. 12. 2020
          The government has decided that stricter 4th tier pandemic
          measures will start to apply on Friday; affected businesses will
          be helped by compensations

Media Centre

     * Press Advisories
     * Scheduled Events
     * Press Releases
     * Press Conferences
     * Introducing
     * Government Meetings
     * Important Documents
     * Important Information
     * Contacts

Important information

   Measures adopted by the Czech Government against coronavirus

   www.euroskop.cz

   Oslavme společné století

   Visegrad Group

   National Convention

Straka's Academy

   Straka's Academy

Press Department

   Press Department

Introducing

   Nová zmocněnkyně pro lidská práva Klára Šimáčková Laurenčíková.

Archive Documents

   Archive of Documents

Photo Gallery

   TZ-Albánie

     * Government of the Czech Republic (c) 2009 - 2022
     * RSS
     * Site map
     * Contact
     * Advanced search
     * Personal data protection
     *
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-19">
<text>
   [tr?id=297357858443011&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

    1. Home
    2. Foreigners in Lithuania

Foreigners in Lithuania

   The number of foreigners in Lithuania is constantly rising: Based on
   the data provided by the Department of Migration, on 1 July 2022, there
   were 145, 118 foreigners living in Lithuania with residence permits (EU
   and Third country nationals). Most of the foreigners came to Lithuania
   to work, for reasons of family reunification or to study.  More
   information can be found here.

Arrival

   What are the types of visas? Who needs a visa to come to Lithuania?

Documents based on arrival intentions

   Which document can a foreigner get if s/he comes to reunite with a
   family member? To work? To study? Is of Lithuanian descent?

Residence permits for Third country nationals

   What is the difference between a temporary residence permit and a
   permanent residence permit?

Residence permits for EU citizens

   Which document can an EU citizen get if s/he arrives to reunite with
   his family member? Is an employee or self-employed? Came to study? Has
   enough funds?

Work in Lithuania

   How to find a job in Lithuania? How to obtain a work permit obligatory?
   How long does the whole procedure take? Which document will s/he get?

Getting married in Lithuania

   Which documents do I need to submit if I want to get married in
   Lithuania? Can I apply online?

International House Vilnius

   International House Vilnius is a joint initiative of Go Vilnius, the
   city’s official tourism and business development agency, and Work in
   Lithuania, a tale...

Driving in Lithuania

   Who can drive in Lithuania? How to get a drivers license? How to
   registrate a vehicle and what kind of documents are required?

Foreigners integration

   Where can I learn Lithuanian? Are there any Lithuanian lessons online?

Foreign societies in Lithuania

   Which foreigners societies are active in Lithuania? Who is responsible
   for foreigners integration? Which services can a foreigner get?
   Information updated: 2022-12-20
   (BUTTON) ×

   Contact us
   8 800 22922,  +370 525 14352

   Hotline for Ukrainians (24/7):
     *
          + 1808

   MENU

   Toll-free numbers:
     * 8 800 22922Calling within
       Lithuania

   Calling from outside Lithuania (regular rate):
     * +370 525 14352 When calling from abroad
       (standard rate)

     *
     *

   MENU
     * Home
     * News
     * About Us
     * First steps in Lithuania
          + How should you plan your return?
          + Which documents to bring?
          + Where should you start when you return?
          + Aggregation of employment periods
               o I have worked in another EU country
               o I have worked in a non-EU country
          + FAQs
     * General information about Lithuania
          + Facts and figures
               o Main cities, regions
               o Neighbor countries
               o Area and population
               o Language
               o Religion
               o Climate
               o Country code, time zone, currency
               o Embassies
          + Emigration-immigration statistics
          + Taxes
          + Banks
          + Communications
          + Driving
     * Work and business
          + Finding a job
               o Individual job search
               o Registering at the Employment Service
          + Self-employment
          + Starting a business
               o Vision
               o Types of companies
               o Business starting procedures
          + Work visa for foreigners
          + Taxes
          + Aggregation of employment periods
          + Programs for returning Lithuanians
     * Housing
          + Registering as a resident
          + Accommodation for rent
          + Buying a home
          + Mortgage loan
     * Healthcare
          + Compulsory health insurance
          + Clinics and hospitals
          + Basic health care
          + European health insurance card
          + Can I get treatment in Lithuania if I am insured abroad?
          + Medical services in English language
          + Healthcare for foreign pensioners
     * Social security
          + Arrival Allowance
          + Old-age pensions
          + Unemployment benefits
          + Child benefits
               o Maternity benefit
               o Paternity benefit
               o Child care benefit
               o Child benefit
               o Lump-sum child benefit (payable for each new born child)
               o Lump-sum benefit for pregnant women
               o Child care benefit for those in training or education
               o Benefit for multiple births
          + Financial assistance
          + Sick pay
          + EU forms for social security rights
     * Education
          + Studying in Lithuania (higher education)
               o For EU/EEA nationals
               o For Non-EU/EEA nationals
          + Kindergartens (pre-school education)
          + Preschool education
          + Primary and secondary schools
          + E-learning
          + Educational support for returning children
          + Lithuanian language classes
          + Recognition of foreign qualifications
     * Citizenship
          + How to become a Lithuanian citizen?
               o Acquiring citizenship by birth
               o Naturalization
               o Simplified procedure
               o Restoration of citizenship
               o Returning the citizenship
          + Dual citizenship
          + Loss of citizenship
          + The citizenship of a child born abroad
     * Living outside Lithuania
          + Declaring departure from Lithuania
          + Document legalization
          + Travel documents for minors
          + Registering a child born abroad
          + Registering a marriage performed abroad
          + Elections in Lithuania
          + Communities of Lithuanians abroad
     * Foreigners in Lithuania
          + Arrival
               o Schengen visa
               o National visa (D)
          + Documents based on arrival intentions
               o I am coming to stay with my spouse or partner
               o I am coming to work
               o I am coming to study
               o I am a foreigner of Lithuanian descent
               o Other grounds
          + Residence permits for Third country nationals
               o Temporary residence permit
               o Permanent residence permit
          + Residence permits for EU citizens
               o I am a family member of a citizen of an EU member state
               o I am an employee or self-employed
               o I am a student / intern
               o I possess adequate means to live in the Republic of
                 Lithuania
               o I have been lawfully residing in the Republic of
                 Lithuania for the last 5 years
               o I am an EU citizen of Lithuanian descent
          + Work in Lithuania
          + Getting married in Lithuania
          + International House Vilnius
          + Driving in Lithuania
               o Driving exams
               o Driver's license
               o Car registration
          + Foreigners integration
          + Foreign societies in Lithuania
     * Information on Ukraine
     * FAQ
     * Success stories
     * Contacts

   Toll-free numbers:
     * 8 800 22922Calling within
       Lithuania

   Calling from outside Lithuania (regular rate):
     * +370 525 14352 When calling from abroad
       (standard rate)

     * LT
     * EN
     * RU

   FAQ
     *
     *

   ____________________
   (BUTTON)

   [iom_1.png]

   Migration information centre

   [renkuosi_lietuva_logo_zalias.png]

   [vrm_1.png]

   Information partner:  [LRT pilkas.png]

   International Organization for Migration (IOM) – UN Migration Agency.
   The leading inter-governmental organization in the field of migration.
   Established in 1951, it now has 172 member states.

   This website is presented with support from IOM and the Ministry of
   Interior of the Republic of Lithuania. It is not an official IOM
   website and IOM is not responsible for the content or positions posted
   within.
     * General information
     * Work and business
     * Housing
     * Healthcare
     * Social security

     * Education
     * Citizenship
     * Living outside Lithuania
     * Foreigners in Lithuania

     * About us
     * Contacts

     *
     *

   © 2018.
   Created by
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-2">
<text>
   #RSS

   [monkey-pox-7217582__480.jpeg]

   (BUTTON) China
     * Shanghai
     * Beijing
     * Shenzhen
     * Guangzhou
     * Tianjin
     * Suzhou
     * Sanya
     * GBA
     * China

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Log in |
     * Sign up

    1. home
    2. Articles

China Modifies 'Don’t Touch Foreigner' Advice After Backlash

   [dowload.png] By Lars James Hamer, September 20, 2022

   0 0
   [dowload.png]
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Wu Zunyou, the Chief Expert of Epidemiology at China’s Center for
   Disease Control and Prevention, has modified the five suggestions he
   put forward for preventing the spread of monkeypox.

   Originally, the first of five suggestions said that people should not
   “have direct skin-to-skin contact with foreigners” (不要同外国人发生肌肤直接接触).

   READ MORE: CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

   This has now been adapted to “Do not have close skin-to-skin contact
   with foreigners who have recently (within the last three weeks) come
   from a monkeypox epidemic area outside China and may be infected with
   the disease.”

   So, if you plan on having skin-to-skin contact with a foreigner, make
   sure you first ask them how long they’ve been in China and where they
   come from and extensively research the monkeypox situation in that
   country.

   It might make riding the metro at peak times more difficult, but at
   least it will ensure you’re not infected by China’s (already in
   quarantine) sole monkeypox case.

   Wu’s suggestions also said people shouldn’t have direct contact with
   individuals who have entered China within three weeks.

   This point has been updated to: “Do not have close skin-to-skin contact
   with people who have recently (within three weeks) traveled from or
   transited through an overseas monkeypox epidemic area and are likely to
   be infected with the disease.”

   The third suggestion given to the world’s most populous country, “Don't
   have direct skin-to-skin contact with strangers,” was changed to “Don't
   have intimate direct skin-to-skin contact with strangers.”

   Suggestions four and five, “Keep good hand hygiene” and “When using
   public toilets, including the toilets of hotels on business trips, if
   you use a seated toilet, use disposable toilet seat covers as much as
   possible and if conditions do not allow, use alcohol wipes or paper
   towels dipped in hot water to wipe the seat before using,” remained
   unchanged.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [Cover image via Pixabay]

   monkeypox
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

more news

   3 New COVID Cases, Chinese Warned Not to Touch Foreigners

3 New COVID Cases, Chinese Warned Not to Touch Foreigners

   "Do not have direct skin contact with foreigners."
   CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

   We'd like to hear the science behind this one...
   1 New COVID Case in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Chongqing

1 New COVID Case in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Chongqing

   Monkeypox is getting closer...

Monkeypox on the Mainland, Case Reported in Chongqing

   Monkeypox is getting closer...

13 New COVID Cases in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Hong Kong

   The numbers come as Shanghai emerges from China's biggest citywide
   lockdown since the beginning of the COVID pandemic.

Monkeypox in Hong Kong: 21-Day Quarantine for Close Contacts?

   The Special Administrative Region's first case was reported on
   September 6.

Monkeypox is Getting Closer...

   A case of monkeypox was detected in Taipei.

That's 2022 Year in Review

   A look back at some of the biggest China-related stories from the year
   2022!

0 User Comments

   Add your Comment
   (BUTTON) ×

Add your comment

   * Comment Content
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   (BUTTON) Submit (BUTTON) Cancel

follow us

     *
     *

Get the weekly newsletter!

   Sign up to get the entertainment, lifestyle and event news from That's
   China every week!
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Add

trending

That's 2022 Year in Review

35 New Year's Eve Events (&amp; More!) This Week in Shanghai

Expert: ‘China International Flights Back to Normal in 3 Months’

Quarantine for International Arrivals to China to End January 8

Hong Kong Set to Open Border with Chinese Mainland

   ADVERTISEMENT

In Case You Missed It…

   That's 2022 Year in Review

   That's 2022 Year in Review
   Weird and Wonderful Beijing News from Each Month in 2022

   Weird and Wonderful Beijing News from Each Month in 2022
   GBA School News Roundup: December 2022

   GBA School News Roundup: December 2022
   The Bund of Love Collection Offers Qipao for the Modern Woman

   The Bund of Love Collection Offers Qipao for the Modern Woman
   5 More Amazing Trips to Take Around China This Winter

   5 More Amazing Trips to Take Around China This Winter

We're on WeChat!

   Scan our QR Code at right or follow us at thatsonline for events,
   guides, giveaways and much more!

7 Days in China With thatsmags.com

   Weekly updates to your email inbox every Wednesday
   [thats-newsletter.png]

Download previous issues

   Never miss an issue of That's Magazines!

   Visit the archives

     *
     * About Us | Contact Us | Advertise With Us | Work for Us | App
       © 2023 JY International Cultural Communications Co.,
       Ltd. 粤ICP备20064570号

     *
     *

   (BUTTON) ×

Add your email

   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Add
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-20">
<text>
   Skip to main content

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPSKCBM

   Migration Policy Institute
     * Newsroom
     * MPI en Español
     * Multimedia
     * Donate
     * Contact
     * Sign Up

   ______________________________
   [Articles_____________]
   Submit
   Refine by Date
   Date 09/01/2001____________________
   E.g., 01/02/2023
   Date ______________________________
   E.g., 01/02/2023
   Refine
     * Menu
          + Research &amp; Initiatives
               o Topics
               o Regions
               o Data
               o Programs
          + Publications
               o All Publications
               o Reports
               o Fact Sheets
               o Policy Briefs
               o Books
               o Articles
               o Commentaries
               o Explainers
          + Events
          + News
               o Newsroom
               o Press Releases
          + About Us
               o Mission
               o Staff
               o Trustees
               o Funders
               o Work at MPI
               o Intern at MPI
               o Contact MPI
          + MPI Europe
               o Overview
               o Mission
               o Staff
               o Internships
               o Contact
       [ ] Stay

     * Research &amp; Initiatives

Programs
          + Programs
               o International Program
               o Migrants, Migration, and Development
               o National Center on Immigrant Integration Policy
               o U.S. Immigration Policy Program
          + Initiatives
               o Beyond Territorial Asylum
               o Building a Regional Migration System
               o Human Services Initiative
               o Latin America and Caribbean Initiative
               o Migration Data Hub
               o Migration Information Source
               o Transatlantic Council on Migration
          + Projects
               o ELL Information Center
               o Latin America &amp; Caribbean Migration Portal
          + MPI Europe

Topics see all >gt;
          + Border Security
          + Coronavirus
          + Education
          + Employment &amp; the Economy
          + Illegal Immigration &amp; Interior Enforcement
          + Immigrant Integration
          + Immigrant Profiles &amp; Demographics
          + Immigration Policy &amp; Law
          + International Governance
          + Migration &amp; Development
          + Refugee &amp; Asylum Policy

Regions see all >gt;
          + Africa (sub-Saharan)
          + Asia and the Pacific
          + Central America &amp; the Caribbean
          + Europe
          + Middle East &amp; North Africa
          + North America
          + South America

Data
          + International Data
          + U.S. Data
          + Maps
       [ ] Stay
     * Publications
          + Reports
          + Fact Sheets
          + Policy Briefs
          + Books
          + Articles
          + Commentaries
          + Explainers

Featured Publication
       Cover image for Rebooting the Asylum System?
       Reports
       October 2022

Rebooting the Asylum System? The Role of Digital Tools in International
Protection
       By  Hanne Beirens
       [ ] Stay
     * Events
     * About Us
          + Mission
          + Staff
          + Trustees
          + Funders
          + Work at MPI
          + Intern at MPI
          + Contact MPI
          + Donate

Programs
       [ ] Stay
     * MPI Europe
          + Mission
          + Staff
          + Jobs
          + Internships
          + Contact
       [ ] Stay

   Defining 'Foreign Born' and 'Foreigner' in International Migration
   Statistics

You are here

   Home » Migration Information Source
   Migration Information Source logo
   Adjust Font    |
   (+) Increase Font
   (-) Decrease Font
   Reset Font
   Print    |    RSS    |    Copyright &amp; Reuse

Defining 'Foreign Born' and 'Foreigner' in International Migration Statistics

   July 1, 2002
   By Elizabeth Grieco
   Image of data graph chart.

   Data visualization. (Photo: iStock.com/winvic)

   Contrary to popular belief, numbers are not always "just numbers." As
   social scientists point out, many official statistics released by
   government agencies reflect the culture and history of the country in
   which they are generated. All aspects of a data collection system—from
   what data are collected, to the questions asked on surveys and
   censuses, even to what data are ultimately analyzed and
   disseminated—are influenced by this same context. Thus, official
   statistics actually embody socio-cultural influences that can prove to
   be problematic when attempting to compare data from different
   countries.

   Like other official numbers, international migration statistics also
   reflect the culture and history of the country in which they are
   generated. Throughout the world, countries demarcate their national
   identities by defining what seem to be immutable migration-related
   concepts, such as "migrant," "immigrant," or "citizen," in distinct
   ways. This variability has a direct impact on the way the governments
   of those countries collect, process, and present migration data—and on
   the ability of data users to make direct comparisons among countries.

   Models of Citizenship: Jus Soli and Jus Sanguinis

   The influence of socio-cultural norms and historical experiences on
   migration statistics is best illustrated in the similar-yet-different
   concepts of "foreign born" and "foreigner," both of which are rooted in
   and reflect very different models of citizenship. In general, the
   majority of people around the world acquire citizenship in one of two
   ways: "by birth" (jus soli) or "by blood" (jus sanguinis). Although
   these are "ideal types," they remain useful in explaining the divergent
   outcomes of citizenship policies. In a jus soli system, citizenship is
   based on place of birth. Although there are exceptions to this rule, in
   general, people born in these countries are citizens, while people born
   outside are non-citizens. Thus, in a jus soli context, the term
   "foreign born" refers to residents of a country who were born in
   another country. Foreign-born residents can, under certain
   circumstances, change their status and become citizens through
   naturalization. When combined, both place of birth and citizenship
   status can be used to divide the population into three
   categories—native-born citizens, foreign-born citizens, and
   non-citizens—and define who among the foreign born has acquired the
   full rights and responsibilities bestowed on all citizens.

   In a jus sanguinis system, descent and heritage play a pivotal role in
   defining who is, and can become, a citizen. Where people were born is
   not as important as if and how they can trace their ancestry back to
   the origin country. In this context, the term "foreigner" refers to
   those in the population whose heritage cannot be traced back to the
   host country. In general, under jus sanguinis citizenship policies, it
   is often difficult—though not impossible—for foreigners to naturalize,
   even if they are long-term residents or were native born to the
   country. Those foreigners who do naturalize typically have to
   demonstrate that they meet the required "integration" criteria, such as
   language skills or knowledge of the country's culture and history.
   While it is often difficult for resident foreigners to naturalize, it
   is usually easier for foreign-born ethnics to obtain citizenship after
   immigrating back to their ancestral "homeland," in some cases even if
   their families have lived abroad for generations. In this sense, the
   concept of foreigner divides a country's resident population—and,
   indeed, the world's population—into two groups: nationals, who have the
   right of citizenship by virtue of their ancestry, and foreigners, who
   must earn the right to naturalize.

   Foreign Born v. Foreigner: Reflecting Alternative Views of Citizenship

   These outlines of jus soli and jus sanguinis citizenship policies are,
   as noted, ideal types. In fact, most countries, while generally
   emphasizing one or the other, have increasingly blurred the distinction
   between the two by including elements of both in their broader
   procedures. However, the preeminence of either a "by birth" or "by
   blood" citizenship policy simultaneously reflects and defines how a
   country views "membership" and who does, and does not, belong. This, in
   turn, influences how individuals in a country's population are
   classified administratively and how they are counted in official
   statistics.

   The influence of varying citizenship policies on migration statistics
   can be clearly seen when data from the United States and Germany are
   put side-by-side. Two examples will be presented here, with the first
   focusing on "stock" data and the other on "flow" data. Both the United
   States and Germany data discussed in these examples are available in
   The Source's Global Data Center.

   [insight_USfbpop.gif] Stock data represent "snapshots" of a population
   at a single point in time by counting (as in a census) or estimating
   (as in a survey) the distribution of that population according to some
   characteristic, such as age, income, or sex. An example of stock data
   would be the distribution of all foreign persons in a population by
   their country of origin. However, who is included in the category of
   "foreign persons" will depend on whether the dominant citizenship
   policy of a country is jus soli or jus sanguinis.

   In the United States, where the citizenship policy is predominantly jus
   soli, "foreign persons" refers to all foreign born in the resident
   population and includes both naturalized citizens and non-citizens. In
   Germany, where a jus sanguinis policy dominates, "foreign persons"
   generally refers to anyone in the resident population who is a
   non-citizen and not of German descent, that is, both foreign-born and
   native-born foreigners who have not naturalized. However, it does not
   include either ethnic Germans who were born abroad and were awarded
   citizenship after immigration or non-German foreign-born persons who
   have naturalized; these individuals are considered to be, or to have
   become, nationals. As a result, while the concepts of foreign born and
   foreigner initially appear similar, they actually categorize people in
   fundamentally different ways. This makes it difficult to compare
   directly the migration stock data of the United States and Germany.
   [insight_GerForPop.gif]

   A similar problem exists when attempting to compare flow data. Flow
   data are collected and produced by governmental administrative
   agencies. Unlike stock data, they are collected continuously but are
   usually presented in an aggregate form for a point in time, such as
   monthly or annual statistics. A good example of flow data is the number
   of immigrants entering a country, since immigration is a process that
   occurs continuously and is catalogued year-round. Depending on whether
   the citizenship policy of a country is predominantly jus soli or jus
   sanguinis, the term "immigrant" can include very different categories
   of people.

   In the United States, immigrant inflow data include foreign-born
   persons who are non-citizens entering the country for lawful permanent
   residence. In Germany, immigrant inflow data also include foreign-born
   persons who are non-citizens entering the country legally, but not all
   foreign born are considered immigrants. Specifically, Aussiedler, or
   ethnic Germans born in eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, who
   meet certain requirements, have the right to enter Germany virtually as
   citizens. While they are enumerated in the inflow data, the Aussiedler
   are not considered immigrants but rather "returning nationals." This
   orientation also helps to explain why German citizens who have returned
   to Germany after long-term stays abroad are also included in the inflow
   data. In the United States, immigrant inflow data documents the arrival
   of the foreign born, while in Germany it documents both the arrival of
   the foreign population and the "return" of ethnic nationals.

   Implications for the Comparability of International Migration Data

   While it is generally assumed that statistics passively and objectively
   reflect the event or process they measure, in reality, they do so
   subjectively—in the context of the history and culture of the society
   in which they are produced. These socio-cultural influences can be seen
   in the varied concepts, legal definitions, and administrative
   classifications used to generate and report migration data— and this
   variation means that international migration statistics are often
   difficult to compare. Concepts and terms that may initially appear to
   include the same categories of people, such as "foreign born" and
   "foreigner" or even "immigrant," may actually encompass very different
   groups. This means that the rate and trend statistics generated from
   these data, such as "percentage of foreign persons in the total
   population" or "annual number of immigrants," are often not directly
   comparable.

   Do these differences mean that comparative analyses of international
   migration trends and levels should not be pursued? Of course not.
   Fortunately, many governments recognize the problems associated with
   these differences and, encouraged by support from various international
   agencies, are moving their statistics in the direction of greater
   comparability. However, change takes time and, as of today, there are
   still migration-related concepts and terms that remain problematic in
   an international context. It is therefore essential for users to be
   aware of the existence of differences and to make every effort to
   understand how those differences affect the comparability of the data.
   This is important, because it is the degree of comparability that will
   determine the qualifications associated with any conclusions drawn.

   Suggested Readings

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2000) From
   Migrants to Citizens: Membership in a Changing World. Washington, DC:
   Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2001)
   Citizenship Today: Global Perspectives and Practices. Washington, DC:
   Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2002)
   Citizenship Policies for an Age of Migration. Washington, DC: Carnegie
   Endowment for International Peace.

   Starr, Paul (1987) "The Sociology of Official Statistics." Pp. 7-57 in
   William Alonso and Paul Starr (eds.), The Politics of Numbers. New
   York: Russell Sage Foundation.
   IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS ABOUT THIS ARTICLE, CONTACT US AT
   [email protected]
   Newsletter Signup

Author

     * Elizabeth M. Grieco is chief of the U.S. Census Bureau’s
       Foreign-Born Population Branch in the Population Division.

Related Articles

     * Data Sources on the Foreign Born and International Migration at the
       U.S. Census Bureau
     * Remittance Data
     * Human Trafficking: The Need for Better Data

Related Research

     * Census 2010 and the Foreign Born: Averting the Data Crisis

Contact

   [email protected]
     * Research &amp; Initiatives
     * Publications
     * Events
     * News
     * About Us

     * Contact Us
     * Site Map
     * Privacy Policy
     * Experts

   Display Modal


   1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005 | ph. 202-266-1940 |
   fax. 202-266-1900

   [icon-twitter.png] [icon-facebook.png] [icon-linkedin.png]
   [icon-podcasts.png] [icon-vimeo.png] [icon-rss.png]

   Copyright © 2001-2023 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved.

   1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005
   ph. 202-266-1940 | fax. 202-266-1900

   [icon-twitter-41.png] [icon-facebook-41.png] [icon-linkedin-41.png]
   [icon-podcasts-41.png] [icon-vimeo-41.png] [icon-rss-41.png]

   Copyright © 2001-2023 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved.
     * Contact
     * Site Map
     * Experts
     * Donate

   Migration Policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-21">
<text>
   [e_logo2.png]
   US EUROPE AFRICA ASIA 中文
   ____________________ [fdj_ico.gif]-Submit
     * HOME
     * CHINA
     * WORLD
     * BUSINESS
     * LIFESTYLE
     * CULTURE
     * TRAVEL
     * SPORTS
     * OPINION
     * REGIONAL
     * FORUM

   Opinion / From the Readers

     * Editorials
     * Op-Ed
     * Columnists
     * Contributors
     * Cartoons
     * Specials
     * From the Press
     * Forum Trends
     * From the Readers
     * Debate

   Editor's Pick:
     * Syrian refugees
     * cyberspace
     * V-Day parade
     * shrimp scandal
     * TPP

Top 10 kinds of foreigners in China

   By Shark Minnow (blog.chinadaily.com.cn) Updated: 2015-04-17 10:42
   Comments Print Mail Large Medium Small

                     Top 10 kinds of foreigners in China

   Foreign tourists pose for photos on the Tiananmen Square in Beijing,
   China, September 24, 2009. [Photo/IC]

   Having lived in China pretty much my entire adult life, I have seen
   many foreigners come and go over the years. I was talking to a friend
   who has also lived here awhile and we started discussing the different
   kinds of foreigners we've come across. We came up with eight types
   together, and I added a couple more to round it out to a nice 10. This
   is by no means concrete or 100% accurate and not meant to encourage
   stereotypes, but I think there is a definite hint of truth to it, and
   probably a bit educational for Chinese readers. Any one foreigner may
   cross into another category and is by no means just relegated to one
   class. Many are "cross-overs".

   These are the categories of different kinds of foreigners we have met
   in China and have known over the years:

   1. Teachers

   The predominant field of expats in China is education, and I am myself
   part of this first class of foreigners. Some foreigners teach in China
   because they couldn't find a job in their home country, some because
   they've lived here a long time and have decided to settle down, or some
   teachers are just up for an adventure teaching abroad. Qualified,
   seasoned teachers are usually well-educated and versed in Chinese
   history and culture and may or not be able to speak Chinese. Teachers
   can be subdivided into 4 groups:

   a) Young, skippy university grads who want an adventure abroad for a
   year.

   b) Middle age teachers who have lived in China for a long time, speak
   Chinese, are probably married and/or raising a family here.

   c) Older, pensioned/retired teachers who want to experience teaching in
   a different culture before their "Golden Years" set in.

   d) Phonies. Yes, charlatans. Teachers who are not qualified to teach in
   China and try and take advantage of the system. May hold fake degrees,
   certificates, etc. A nasty bunch I'm telling' ya.

   2. (Drumroll....) Entrepreneurs/Venture capitalists

   Mostly young (but can be any age) foreigners who are determined to
   either start their own business in China, get involved in
   imports/exports, or any scheme to "Hit it Big" in China! These are also
   your legitimate small businesses &amp; pub/restaurant owners, ladies &amp;
   gents. 'Nother pint, guvna?

   3. Corporate Multinationals/Media

   Green Card/VIP Material: Distinguished foreigners who work for major
   corporations abroad abound. Other smaller multinationals included,
   these foreigners are your Americans, Germans, Aussies, Russians,
   Europeans, Africans, Indians, people from all over. These are the rich
   foreigners or foreigners who are well-established in their own field
   (media, business, etc.) at home as well as abroad. aka "The Big Fish"
   or "The Edwin Maher".

   4. Diplomats

   Foreigners who represent their government in China (Officials,
   Dignitaries, Embassy Workers, Bureaucrats, etc.) Yawn...

   5. NGOs

   A smaller group but becoming larger. Mostly young
   foreigners/30-somethings who are truly involved in making "One World,
   One Dream" a reality and the world a better place as a whole.

   6. Students/China Hands

   Students studying abroad in China or another class, I term, "China
   Hands". China Hands are foreigners who live here purely out of love of
   the culture, language and people. They may be any age group, in any
   profession, but live here mostly for love of China. Think Da Shan. Both
   Students and China Hands have the best understanding of Chinese
   culture, language, etc. These are your intellectuals.

   Previous Page 1 2 Next Page

   Previous Page 1 2 Next Page

   8.03K
   Related Stories
     * Why are foreigners leaving China?
     * China should police bad foreigners, too: expert
     * Foreigners' favorite Chinese dishes
     * Supportive China lures talented foreigners
     * Li promises to ease way for talented foreigners

   Most Viewed Today's Top News
     * Xi in Pakistan to work for real mutual benefits
     * China-EU should realize each other's full potential
     * Lowering of reserve ratio for banks eases burden on growth
       enterprises
     * Legal justice overrides sympathy in abuse case
     * Registration of immovables must proceed

   Forum Trends
   [0023ae989656169fd9cb11.jpg] Is square dancing enjoyable or annoying?
   [0023ae989656169e89ac0d.jpg] Time to buy stocks?
     * Is it OK to nap at Ikea?
     * Living in China: Expectations vs reality
     * Should undergrads start business?
     * Should condoms be distributed on campus?
     * Can doctors' illegible handwriting be justified?

   Columnists
   [0023ae606e6614b185ae02.jpg] Let's toast the nobodies and some writers
   [f8bc126e483114e791a70f.jpg] Rule of law covers drivers and smokers
   Featured Contributors
   [a41f72773d1b1698072b01.jpg] Obama faces tough task in lifting
   sanctions on Cuba
   [f8bc126e48311691dd0907.jpg] Transformation and upgrading more
   important
   Star Bloggers
   [f8bc126d9820169b16d62e.jpg]
   One Belt, One Road for foreigners By kellivschina

   I’ve never been “that person” who is always trying to get friends’
   opinion on the latest political happenings. I don’t usually find myself
   in political conversations.
   [f8bc126d9820169aae7c01.jpg]
   The best and the worst in one day By MichaelM

   If you've followed my story about recent events, you already know. But,
   if you haven't, let me recap several things.
   [f8bc126d9820169711ce01.jpg]
   Football should do it the football way By Tania_Sole

   Once more senior Chinese officials have decided that the nation must
   invest in its youth football programs.
   Special
   [0023ae989656166c922a34.jpg]

   China has huge growth potential: Experts
   [0023ae606e661639716a06.jpg]

   2014 - 2015: Memories and expectations
   [f8bc126e4831163016d710.jpg]

   Graphs: Why China isn't a copy-cat nation

   ...

   | About China Daily | Advertise on Site | Contact Us | Job Offer |
   Expat Employment |

   Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not
   limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this
   site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written
   authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used
   in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are
   suggested for this site.

   License for publishing multimedia online 0108263
   Registration Number: 130349       [biaoshi.gif]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-23">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: a95c3d20

   [irw-logo-text-c.svg]
   Search...
   Search for: ____________________ Search
   News Burma Politics War Against the Junta Myanmar’s Crisis &amp; the World
   Ethnic Issues Asia World Business Business Roundup Economy Money
   Election 2020 Elections in History Election 2015
   Opinion Editorial Commentary Guest Column Analysis Letters Cartoons
   Features In Person Interview Profile Dateline
   Specials Myanmar Diary Women &amp; Gender Places in History On This Day
   From the Archive Myanmar &amp; COVID-19 Intelligence Myanmar-China Watch
   Culture Arts Heritage Books
   Lifestyle Travel Food Fashion &amp; Design Videos Photos Photo Essays
   Constitution Contact Careers Burmese Version Donate

     * How Myanmar’s Junta Threw Six Foreigners Behind Bars
       19 October 2022
     * One Killed as 14 Break Out of Myanmar Junta Police Station
       19 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Lieutenant Colonel Among Over 50 Regime Forces Killed by Myanmar
       Resistance in Two Days
       19 October 2022
     * Myanmar’s Democrats Must Strive to Win Over China: Analyst
       19 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Troops Behead NUG Teacher
       18 October 2022
     * Prison-Break Resistance Fighter Killed in PDF Raid on Myanmar
       Police Outpost
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Pressures Courts to Speed Up Trials of Political
       Opponents
       18 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Pseudonymous Screed Attacking ASEAN Bears Prominent Junta
       Loyalist’s Stamp
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Artillery Strikes Kill Four Civilians in Rakhine
       18 October 2022
     * Local Official Among Some 40 Myanmar Junta Personnel Killed in Two
       Days
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Buys FTC-2000G Fighter Jets From China
       18 October 2022
     * Sixteen Myanmar Regime Troops Captured in Karen State Ambush
       17 October 2022
     * Senior Myanmar Junta Figures Behind Legal Action Against Irrawaddy,
       BBC
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Chief Demands Unity as Secrets Continue to Leak
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Has No Legitimacy to Hold Election: DPNS Leader
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta and Ethnic Armed Group Trade Accusations Over Fatal
       Pagoda Shooting
       17 October 2022
     * Anti-Myanmar Regime Alliance Reaches Out to China
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Political Prisoners Issue List of Torturers in Junta’s
       Insein Jail
       17 October 2022
     * About 40 Myanmar Junta Forces Killed in Three Days of Resistance
       Attacks
       17 October 2022
     * Key Moments From Chinese President’s Address to Communist Party
       Congress
       17 October 2022
     * How Sagaing is at Forefront of Revolution Against Myanmar’s Junta
       15 October 2022
     * Junta Watch: Coup Leader Gets Chummy With Cadets; Open Door for
       Russia; and More
       15 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Australian Economist Sean Turnell Moved to Yangon Prison
       14 October 2022
     * Who is Supplying Myanmar Junta with Aviation Fuel?
       14 October 2022
     * Daw Aung San Suu Kyi Security Chief Jailed by Myanmar Junta
       14 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Warns Arakan National Party Over Statement on Rakhine
       Killings
       14 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Suffers Over 20 Casualties in Clashes With Resistance
       in Two Days
       14 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Myanmar’s Brain Drain Grows Amid Chaos of Life Under Military Rule
       14 October 2022
     * Chinese-Backed Power Plant Opens in Myanmar’s Rakhine State
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar’s Stoic President Overlooked by International Community
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Solar Projects Attract Only Two Bidders
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Transfers Over 120 Political Prisoners from
       Mandalay's Obo Jail
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Jails Japanese Journalist for Three More Years for
       Immigration Breach: Embassy Source
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Resistance Attacks, Ambushes Leave Nearly 30 Regime Forces
       Dead in Two Days
       13 October 2022
     * Challenges Await New Contractor as India Rejigs Plan for Completion
       of Kaladan Project in Myanmar
       13 October 2022
     * Sagaing Resistance Groups Report Heavy Myanmar Regime Losses
       12 October 2022
     * Three Pilgrims Killed by Myanmar Regime at Golden Rock Pagoda
       12 October 2022
     * Civilians Die From Snakebites Myanmar Junta Seizes Medicines
       12 October 2022
     * Ousted Naypyitaw Mayor, Deputy Jailed for Another 3 Years by
       Myanmar Regime
       12 October 2022
     * Former General and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi Ally Dissolves His Union
       Betterment Party
       12 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Sentences Daw Aung San Suu Kyi to Another Three Years
       for Corruption
       12 October 2022
     * More Than 40 Myanmar Junta Troops Killed in Two Days of Resistance
       Attacks
       12 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Striking Medics Blame Myanmar Junta for Nurse Death
       11 October 2022
     * Sagaing Resistance Fighters Killed in Myanmar Junta Raids
       11 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Jails and Files Cases Against Journalists
       11 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Uses Japan-Donated Ships to Transport Troops in
       Rakhine: HRW
       11 October 2022
     * Villager ‘Raped, Killed by Myanmar Junta Troops as She Ran to
       Rescue Her Children’
       11 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Myanmar Resistance Forces Unite Under KNU Leadership in Mon State
       11 October 2022
     * Time for the Myanmar Junta to Face the Music
       11 October 2022

   Burma

How Myanmar’s Junta Threw Six Foreigners Behind Bars

   Clockwise from top left: Sean Turnell, Yuki Kitazumi, Vicky Bowman,
   Toru Kubota, Robert Bociaga and Danny Fenster.
     *
     *
     * 3.5k
     *
     *
     *

   By The Irrawaddy 19 October 2022

   Myanmar’s military regime has arrested six foreigners since the
   military coup last year, including a former British ambassador to the
   country. The six were arrested for having connections to the ousted
   National League for Democracy (NLD) government or journalists covering
   anti-regime protests, among others. Only three have been released while
   the rest remain in junta jails. The following is a complete list of who
   they are, when and where they were arrested, and for what.
    1. Australian economist Sean Turnell

   Australian economist Sean Turnell had worked as an economic advisor to
   Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy (NLD) government
   since 2017. He was the first foreigner to be detained after the coup
   because of his ties to the NLD government. He was arrested at a hotel
   in Yangon, one week after Feb. 1 2021 coup.

   A junta-controlled court in Naypyitaw Prison sentenced him to three
   years in prison on September 29 for violating the Official Secrets Act
   and visa regulations.

   Australia’s government rejected the ruling and called for Turnell to be
   immediately released. The 58-year-old economist is currently being held
   in Insein Prison in Yangon. He pleaded not guilty to charges against
   him at a court hearing on August 11 this year.
    2. Polish photojournalist Robert Bociaga

   Polish journalist Robert Bociaga was detained by junta security
   personnel while documenting an anti-coup protest in Taunggyi in
   southern Shan State on March 11, 2021.

   The 30-year-old was allegedly beaten during his arrest. He was charged
   under the Immigration Act and fined 200,000 kyats. He was freed on
   March 22 after 11 days of detention at Taung Lay Lone Prison in
   Taunggyi.
    3. Japanese freelance journalist Yuki Kitazumi

   Japanese freelance journalist Yuki Kitazumi was detained in Yangon on
   April 18, 2021. The 45-year-old was charged on May 3 for spreading
   ‘fake news’, but released from Insein Prison on May 14. He returned to
   Japan the same day.

   He was also beaten up and briefly detained while covering an anti-coup
   protest in Yangon on February 26. He was released the same day after
   around five hours in detention.
    4. US journalist Danny Fenster

   American journalist Danny Fenster was detained on May 24 at Yangon
   International Airport on his way back to the US.

   The 37-year-old managing director of the Yangon-based Frontier Myanmar
   news magazine was charged with incitement and breaking the Unlawful
   Association Act and Immigration Act, and given 11 years in prison.

   He was prosecuted partly because he worked for local media outlet
   Myanmar Now, whose media license the regime had revoked after the coup.
   The judge refused to consider the fact that he resigned from Myanmar
   Now on July 2020 and had since been working for Frontier Myanmar.

   He was released after more than five months of detention at Insein
   Prison, following former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson’s
   intervention. He was deported on November 15 and flew to the US.
    5. Japanese documentary filmmaker Toru Kubota

   Japanese documentary filmmaker Toru Kubota was arrested at an anti-coup
   protest on July 30, 2022. He was charged with incitement and violating
   the Immigration Act and Electronic Transactions Law.

   He was handed seven years in prison on October 5 for incitement and
   breaking the electronic transactions law. On October 12, he was
   sentenced to another three years for violating the immigration law.

   The 26-year-old is the second Japanese journalist to be detained since
   the coup, and is currently being held in Insein Prison.
    6. Former British ambassador Vicky Bowman

   Britain’s former ambassador to Myanmar Vicky Bowman, also known as Daw
   Ohmar Khin, and her husband Ko Htein Lin, a renowned artist and former
   political prisoner, were detained on August 24 this year at their house
   in Yangon.

   The regime charged Bowman with breaking immigration laws by staying in
   a family home in Shan State’s Kalaw rather than in her registered
   Yangon address after her husband failed to report his wife’s stay in
   Shan State.

   The couple was imprisoned for one year with hard labor on September 2
   by a junta-controlled court in Insein Prison.

   Bowman served as Britain’s ambassador to Myanmar under the previous
   military regime between 2002 and 2006. She was the first former
   diplomat to be detained after the coup.

   The arrest came after the British government had downgraded its
   relationship with Myanmar’s military regime.

   Topics: civil disobedience movement, Coup, crackdown, Danny Fenster,
   Democracy, Foreign political prisoners, Human Rights, junta, military
   in politics, military regime, National League for Democracy, NLD,
   Political Prisoners, regime, Robert Bociaga, Rule of Law, Sean Turnell,
   State Counselor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Toru Kubota, Vicky Bowman, Yuki
   Kitazumi
   The Irrawaddy ...
     * [liked.svg]
     * [loved.svg]
     * [wow.svg]
     * [sad.svg]

   Your Thoughts …

   Loading
   Loading

     * Copyright
     * Code of Ethics
     * Privacy Policy
     * Careers
     * Team
     * About Us
     * Contact

   TOP
     * 3.8M+ Fans
     * 12K Follow
     * Subs
     * Feed
     * Liked
     * Loved
     * Wowed
     * Sad
     * Photos
     * Home

   Copyright © 2016 Irrawaddy Publishing Group. All Rights Reserved
   [logo-og.png] We do not encourage viewing this site in this width.
   Please increase the size of your window.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NNGZCB
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-24">
<text>
    <lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt=""
   src="https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4400705&amp;amp;fmt=gif">gt;

     * News
          + White House
          + Senate
          + House
          + Campaigns
          + Business
          + Justice
          + Crime
          + Sunday Talk Shows
          + Washington Secrets
     * Policy
          + Defense &amp; National Security
          + Energy &amp; Environment
          + Education
          + Immigration
          + Finance &amp; Economy
          + Healthcare
          + Foreign Policy
          + Technology
          + Infrastructure
          + Space
          + Think Tanks
     * Opinion
          + Columnists
          + Editorials
          + Beltway Confidential
     * Videos
          + Latest Clips
          + The Debrief
          + Reporter's Notebook
     * Magazine
          + Latest Edition
          + All Magazine Editions
          + Digital Reader
          + Member Login
          + Member Access
     * Restoring America
     * Newsletters

   [ ]
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   Washington Examiner

   The Washington Examiner
   Member Log InLog In | Subscribe Now
   Monday, January 02, 2023
     * News
          + White House
          + Senate
          + House
          + Campaigns
          + Business
          + Justice
          + Crime
          + Sunday Talk Shows
          + Washington Secrets
     * Policy
          + Defense &amp; National Security
          + Energy &amp; Environment
          + Education
          + Immigration
          + Finance &amp; Economy
          + Healthcare
          + Foreign Policy
          + Technology
          + Infrastructure
          + Space
          + Think Tanks
     * Opinion
          + Columnists
          + Editorials
          + Beltway Confidential
     * Videos
          + Latest Clips
          + The Debrief
          + Reporter's Notebook
     * Magazine
          + Latest Edition
          + All Magazine Editions
          + Digital Reader
          + Member Login
          + Member Access
     * Restoring America
     * Newsletters

   (BUTTON)

   Indonesia

Indonesia passes law banning extramarital sex for citizens and foreigners
alike

   by Brady Knox, Breaking News Reporter
   December 06, 2022 12:08 PM
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Opinion

   If we're punishing politicians for lying about their past, start with
   Joe Biden
   By: Christopher Tremoglie
   Christopher Tremoglie
   The State Department should name and shame political cults
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin
   Prepare for insurgency in Iran when the Ayatollahs fall
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin

Videos

   APTOPIX Four Dead University of Idaho
   Idaho college murders: Mug shot released of suspect taken into custody
   2,000 miles away
   Edible Insects
   Push to eat bugs: The creepy, crawly alternative to eating meat
   Screen Shot 2022-12-29 at 1.27.24 PM.png
   WATCH: Washington Examiner's Anna Giaritelli details catastrophe at
   broken border
   BeFunky-collage.jpg
   MTG attacks Tulsi Gabbard for ripping into incoming GOP representative
   over falsehoods

Newsletters

   Phone News
   Sign up now to get the Washington Examiner’s breaking news and timely
   commentary delivered right to your inbox.

   Indonesia's parliament passed a law banning sex outside of marriage for
   citizens and foreigners alike.

   The law, which will take effect in three years upon the adoption of a
   new criminal code, sentences offenders to one year in prison, while
   those found cohabiting can face six months, according to the Associated
   Press, which obtained a copy of the new law code. Sex outside of
   marriage was already banned, but the punishment was light and almost
   never enforced. The strict new laws come amid an upsurge in religious
   conservatism in the world's most populous Muslim country.

   JAVA EARTHQUAKE DEATH TOLL RISES TO 162, MOSTLY CHILDREN
   Indonesia Criminal Code Indonesian Law and Human Right Minister Yasonna
   Laoly, left, pose for the media with Deputy House Speaker Sufmi Dasco
   Ahmad, center, during a session ratifying the country's new criminal
   code at the parliament building in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. 6,
   2022. Indonesia's Parliament passed a long-awaited and controversial
   revision of its penal code Tuesday that criminalizes extramarital sex
   for citizens and visiting foreigners alike. (AP Photo)
   AP

   Though widely criticized by human rights activists, the new code was
   hailed by the government and its supporters as a monumental
   achievement.

   “It turns out that it is not easy for us to break away from colonial
   living legacy, even though this nation no longer wants to use colonial
   products,” Law and Human Rights Minister Yasonna Laoly said in a news
   conference. “Finalizing this process demonstrates that even 76 years
   after the Dutch Criminal Code was adopted as the Indonesian Criminal
   Code, it is never too late to produce laws on our own. The Criminal
   Code is a reflection of the civilization of a nation.”

   The new criminal code also bans insulting the president or vice
   president, state institutions, and national ideology. Contraception and
   blasphemy, as well as their promotion, are also banned. Oddly enough,
   despite the strict new laws regarding a wide variety of social issues,
   the new code is more liberal than the old in terms of LGBT rights and
   abortion.

   Human rights activists expressed worry over abuses from the new laws,
   particularly regarding premarital sex and cohabitation. Some worry that
   millions of married couples without proper marriage licenses could be
   subject to imprisonment, according to the BBC. Other business leaders
   feared that the ban on extramarital sex could harm tourism.

   CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER

   Ajeng, a woman who has lived with her partner outside of marriage for
   the past five years, expressed her worries to the outlet, adding that
   she believes the new laws are draconian in nature.

   "People are angry that their liberty is being taken. Indonesia has
   plenty of problems like poverty, climate change, and corruption, but
   instead of solving a problem they've created a bill that only adds to
   the problem," she said.

Opinion

   If we're punishing politicians for lying about their past, start with
   Joe Biden
   By: Christopher Tremoglie
   Christopher Tremoglie
   The State Department should name and shame political cults
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin
   Prepare for insurgency in Iran when the Ayatollahs fall
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin

Videos

   APTOPIX Four Dead University of Idaho
   Idaho college murders: Mug shot released of suspect taken into custody
   2,000 miles away
   Edible Insects
   Push to eat bugs: The creepy, crawly alternative to eating meat
   Screen Shot 2022-12-29 at 1.27.24 PM.png
   WATCH: Washington Examiner's Anna Giaritelli details catastrophe at
   broken border
   BeFunky-collage.jpg
   MTG attacks Tulsi Gabbard for ripping into incoming GOP representative
   over falsehoods

Newsletters

   Phone News
   Sign up now to get the Washington Examiner’s breaking news and timely
   commentary delivered right to your inbox.

   Indonesia
   sex
   Law
   Prison
   Marriage
   News
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Share your thoughts with friends.

     * About Examiner
     * Magazine Archive
     * Staff
     * Policies and Standards
     * Sitemap
     * Advertise
     * Contact
     * Subscribe
     * Newsletters
     * Careers
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Terms Of Use
     * Privacy Policy
     * Transparency In Coverage

Copyright 2023. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-25">
<text>
   [1571726511672_788.jpg] [1571816581258_221.jpg]
   ENGLISH
   Home
   News
   Aerial China
   China Style
   China Faces
   A Better Life
   Wednesday, June 29, 2019June 29, 2019
   Homepage >gt; Trending

The First Foreigner to Join the Chinese Nationality

   Source:CCTV.com 30-11-22 10:54 Updated BJT
   Font size:A+A-

   In 1950, George Hatem became the first foreigner to obtain a Chinese
   citizenship. He had married his Chinese wife ten years earlier and
   together they had two children. Hatem spent the rest of his life in
   China, devoted to the treatment of leprosy until his death in October
   1988.
   Editor: Liusiyu
   30-11-22 10:54 BJT

   Share this:
   Facebook Twitter Weibo
   Editor's Choice
     * [2022122714234512291.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       China's first C919 to carry out 100-hour verification flight
     * [2022122714192059723.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Chinese Navy celebrates 14th anniversary of its escort missions
     * [2022122711172844364.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Multinational corporate investors bullish on Chinese market
     * [2022122615301914793.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       UN space office expects more int'l projects on China Space Station
     * [2022122615352758727.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Beijing sets up makeshift fever clinics in stadiums to relieve
       burdens at hospitals
     * [2022122615341295707.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Family doctors in Sichuan provide home services for COVID-19
       patients

   About CCTV.com
          CCTV.com is constantly updated with top news from China and
          around the world. Offering news reports, live and on-demand
          video content and searchable archives, CCTV.com is available in
          Mandarin, English and Chinese ethnic minority languages.

   Links

          + Xinhua
          + China Daily
          + CRI
          + People´s Daily
          + China.org.cn
          + gmw.cn
          + taiwan.cn
          + Qiushi

   Languages

          + 中文简体
          + English
          + Монгол

   Homepage|Site Map
   Copyright© 2019 China Media Group,CCTV.com.All Rights Reserved
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-26">
<text>
    #Express.co.uk Search Express.co.uk Tennis RSS Feed

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. logo_christmas

   Discount codes Puzzles Horoscopes Express Rated Shop Paper
   Login Register
     * Your Account
     * Sign Out

   13°C
   Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * HOME
     * News
     * Showbiz &amp; TV
     * Sport
     * Comment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Entertainment
     * Life &amp; Style

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Other
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

     * Home
     * Sport
     * Tennis

   Boxing Day sales

Rafael Nadal makes 'foreigner' comment after concluding tennis tour in Mexico

Rafael Nadal concluded his exhibition tour of South American in Mexico on
Friday and spoke of the special feelings he has each time he visits the
country

   By Liam Llewellyn
   15:30, Sun, Dec 4, 2022 | UPDATED: 15:32, Sun, Dec 4, 2022
   Link copied

Nadal has a chance encounter with Serena Williams in June

   ____________________ (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE Invalid email

   We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and
   to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us
   and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any
   time. More info

   Rafael Nadal has claimed he feels at home while in Mexico as part of
   his South American exhibition tour. The Spaniard travelled to several
   countries around the continent to contest some light-hearted matches
   with Casper Ruud.

Related articles

     * Nadal and Kyrgios already have rematch date after Wimbledon
       walkover
     * Nadal paid heartwarming tribute by Ruud as 'spectacular' impact
       lauded

   The pair visited Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia before
   concluding the tour in Mexico. After defeating the Norwegian 7-6, 6-4
   at the Plaza de Toros in the last match of their tour, the 36-year-old
   commented on the welcome he receives each time he visits.

   "When I'm in Mexico I don't feel like a stranger, I don't feel like a
   foreigner, in the end when you're in a country where we speak the same
   language and there are more things that unite us, when I arrive here I
   feel at home," he said. “The reception of the people I feel is
   spectacular. It is a country where people know how to have fun, a happy
   country.

   “And well, in all the places I have been in the country in Cozumel,
   Tulum, Playa Mujeres, and Acapulco, I have always been happy. I have
   always taken good memories of the places, but also of the people, of
   the food, of everything, and that always encourages me to come back.”

   JUST IN: Emma Raducanu enjoys break from tennis woes by watching Tyson
   Fury beat Derek Chisora


   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Rafael Nadal said he feels like home whenever he is in Mexico (Image:
   Getty)

   The world number two has enjoyed plenty of success in Mexico, winning
   the Acapulco Open four times, and is currently its reigning champion.
   He has thrilled the Mexican fans with his supreme ability over the
   years, but the 22-time grand slam champion claimed he may not play
   there again, having confirmed he will not defend his title in 2023.

   “It will most likely be the last time I play in Mexico, Acapulco 2023
   is not on my calendar and the 2024 season seems far away,” he
   explained. “Now is the time to enjoy this moment to the fullest and
   play in an emblematic setting, with many people and in a country where
   I have always felt loved.”

   However, Nadal did not suggest he would be retiring, but between the
   lines he may be reducing his activities as he gets closer to the end of
   his career to maintain his fitness, with injury problems blighting
   recent seasons. “For me the main thing right now is to be able to get
   to the important tournaments in full physical condition,” he added.
   DON'T MISS
   Rafa Nadal drops hint that Roger Federer will be the source for
   prolonging tennis career
   Rafael Nadal provides update on his body after multiple injury setbacks
   in 2022
   Rafael Nadal makes Roger Federer comeback promise and hints plans
   already underway

   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Nadal and Casper Ruud concluded their South American exhibition tour on
   Friday (Image: Getty)

   “I continue to enjoy day-by-day and I continue to have goals that
   excite me at a professional level. I’m going to try to achieve them
   until my body or mind says enough.

   "At the moment, that hasn’t happened so I want to continue. I am happy
   doing what I do, I love competing on the big stages and the love of the
   people encouraged me to continue.”

   Nadal is set to commence his 2023 season when he leads Spain in the
   inaugural United Cup, an annual mixed team event set to be played in
   Brisbane, Perth and Sydney from December 29 to January 8 next year.

Related articles

     * Rafa Nadal explains difference between Federer and Djokovic
       rivalries
     * Rafael Nadal retirement prediction after tennis legend roared back
     * Rafael Nadal filmed at 2am playing football in airport

   Rafael Nadal

  Most read in Tennis

  Latest videos

   driving laws petrol diesel clean air fines france 2023

UK drivers warned of massive fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in
France

   how to remove mould condensation houseplants

Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation - and
‘other toxins’

   royal family live king charles archie lilibet titles prince harry
   meghan markle Live-event

Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance until Harry and Meghan 'stop
lobbing salvos'

   Transfer News Live Man Utd Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Arsenal Mykhaylo
   Mudryk Newcastle Live-event

Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Fernandez swap deal, Mudryk announcement, big
Newcastle bids

   iceland food recall sweet product urgent warning advice latest

Iceland recalls popular sweet product due to urgent health risk - 'do not eat
it'

   meghan markle jason knauf king charles new year honour meghan bullying

King Charles to hand royal aide who accused Meghan Markle of bullying New
Year Honour

   Rishi Sunak 2023 New Year Honours King Charles ont

Rishi Sunak pens touching congratulations to 2023 New Year Honours recipients

   David Beckham snubbed King Charles New Year Honours List again

David Beckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year
Honours List again

   Man Utd transfer news Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Premier League Erik ten
   Hag Wan Bissaka

Man Utd could offer three players to Benfica to hijack Chelsea's Enzo
Fernandez deal

   Cristiano Ronaldo transfer news Man Utd Al Nassr

Cristiano Ronaldo upgrades on Man Utd as jaw-dropping details of Al-Nassr
contract emerge

   Australian Open China Grand Slam shake up tennis news

Australian Open 'could be moved to China' in drastic Grand Slam shake-up

   Australian Open Dominic Thiem Austrian wildcard tennis news

Australian Open confirm Dominic Thiem return as Austrian one of three to get
wildcard

   Taylor Fritz United Cup team-mate post-match interview tennis news

Taylor Fritz warns United Cup team-mate 'I'll knock you out' in post-match
interview

   Nick Kyrgios comments Lleyton Hewitt United Cup withdrawal Australia

Nick Kyrgios takes aim at Lleyton Hewitt after pulling out of United Cup at
last minute

   Nick Kyrgios tennis news

Nick Kyrgios demands apology and fires back at 'pure villain' critics

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic doubles pressure Instagram message tennis
   news

Nick Kyrgios ramps up Novak Djokovic doubles pressure with latest message to
Serb

   Rafael Nadal retirement Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal drops retirement hint after being asked if this is his last
Australian Open

   Novak Djokovic tennis Erling Haaland Kylian Mbappe

Novak Djokovic faster than Erling Haaland and almost matches Kylian Mbappe
data shows

   Novak Djokovic coach Australian Open tennis news

Novak Djokovic re-hires coach after axing physio on the eve of Australian
Open

   Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
   Australian experience

Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
Australian experience

   Rafael Nadal Novak Djokovic Nick Kyrgios Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal speaks out on Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios threats before
Australian Open

   Tennis news Rafael Nadal Australian Open Daniil Medvedev Novak Djokovic
   retirement

Rafael Nadal nearly missed Australian Open before breaking record in 'most
exciting' final

   Novak Djokovic splits physio change Australian Open Badio Zimaglia

Novak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian
Open campaign

   Rafael Nadal Iga wi tek tennis news

Rafael Nadal and Iga Swiatek headline tennis event with mouthwatering £8.5m
up for grabs

   nick kyrgios stefanos tsitsipas rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios stung by Stefanos Tsitsipas dig as Aussie ace swerves Rafael
Nadal showdown

   nick kyrgios blasted rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios blasted by Aussies for late withdrawal from Rafael Nadal
showdown

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic hint Bromance tennis news

Nick Kyrgios drops exciting Novak Djokovic hint as he lauds 'bromance' with
Serb

   novak djokovic australian open covid saga craig tiley tennis news

Novak Djokovic request made by Australian Open boss as Serb arrives at scene
of Covid saga

   Ivan Lendl Boris Becker admission tennis news

Ivan Lendl makes Boris Becker admission as tennis icon returns home from
prison

   Emma Raducanu Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Iga Swiatek 2023 tennis
   predictions

Emma Raducanu divides opinion while Djokovic returns to the top - 2023 tennis
predictions

   Iga Swiatek Max Verstappen Federer Nadal Djokovic

Iga Swiatek beats Max Verstappen to major sporting award like Federer, Nadal
and Djokovic

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic tennis news

Nick Kyrgios defends exhibition he played with Novak Djokovic after former
pro hit out

SEARCH

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

CONNECT WITH US

     * Find us on Facebook
     * Follow us on Twitter
     * Subscribe to our rss feed

TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Saturday, 31st December 2022

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

News

     * UK
     * Politics
     * Royal
     * World
     * US
     * Science
     * Weather
     * Weird
     * History
     * Nature
     * Sunday
     * Obituaries

Latest News

     * Brexit
     * European Union
     * Theresa May
     * Angela Merkel
     * Donald Trump
     * The Queen
     * Kate Middleton
     * Meghan Markle
     * Diesel
     * Cancer
     * Diabetes
     * Dementia
     * YouTube
     * InYourArea

Showbiz &amp; TV

     * TV &amp; Radio
     * Celebrity News

Sport

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * Premier League
     * Manchester United
     * Liverpool
     * Arsenal
     * Chelsea
     * Tottenham Hotspur
     * Manchester City
     * West Ham
     * Everton
     * Celtic
     * Rangers
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

Comment

     * Columnists
     * Express Comment

Finance

     * City &amp; Business
     * Personal Finance
     * The Crusader

Travel

     * Travel News
     * Activity Holidays
     * Cruise
     * Beach Holidays
     * Short &amp; City breaks

Express Rated

     * Best VPN
     * Best Sky Deals
     * Best Mattress
     * Best Dating Sites
     * Best UK
       Broadband Deals
     * Freeview
     * Samsung
     * Sky
     * Android
     * Apple
     * Black Friday

Entertainment

     * Films
     * Gaming
     * Music
     * Books
     * Theatre
     * Express Wins

Life &amp; Style

     * Style
     * Diets
     * Health
     * Garden
     * Tech
     * Property
     * Life
     * Cars
     * Food
     * OK! Beauty
       Box Subscription

EXPRESS.CO.UK

     * Play Express Wins
     * Apps
     * Puzzles
     * Horoscopes
     * Discount codes
     * Partner Stories
     * Shop
     * Hopsmore Beer Club
     * Paper
     * Sitemap
     * Site Archive
     * About Us
     * Journalists
     * How to Complain
     * Report a Tech Issue
     * Advertising
     * Affiliate advertising
     * Cookies Settings
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Terms &amp; Conditions
     * Community Standards
     * Developed by Netro42
     * Syndication and Licensing
     * Clarifications and Corrections

   IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2022 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a
   registered trademark. All rights reserved.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NX7XL77

   Facebook pixel
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-27">
<text>
   #alternate RSS 2.0 Atom Middle East Monitor » Feed Middle East Monitor
   » Comments Feed Middle East Monitor » Tunisia: ex-president to be
   questioned over passports for foreigners Comments Feed alternate
   alternate alternate

   Middle East Monitor
   Latest News
     * / West Bank: Israeli settlers storm agricultural warehouse in
       Tulkarm, destroy its contents
     * / Egyptian president congratulates Israel's new PM in phone call
     * / Turkish foreign minister to attend football legend Pele's funeral
       in Brazil
     * / Iran employs drones in massive war games amid tensions with West
     * / At least 33 terror suspects arrested in southeastern Turkiye
     * / Iran police detain top-tier football players in raid at party
     * / Yemen's rebels say seeking permanent cease-fire
     * / Sudan faces 'complex political process': UN mission
     * / OIC hails UN vote on Israel's occupation of Palestine
     * / UAE president congratulates Israel's Netanyahu on forming new
       gov't
     * / Boat carrying 200 migrants sinks off Lebanon's coast
     * / Israel's Netanyahu says UN vote for ICJ opinion 'despicable'
     * / One-third of Arab population lives in poverty: ESCWA
     * / Ties with China strained after it refused to allow Turkish
       ambassador to visit Uyghur region
     * / Turkiye agrees to withdraw military from northern Syria,
       following tripartite reconciliation talks

     *
     *
     *
     *

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Middle East Monitor
   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * News
     * Opinion
     * Reviews
     * Features
     * Publications
     * Multimedia
     * More

   Portuguese / Spanish / English

Tunisia: ex-president to be questioned over passports for foreigners

   December 6, 2022 at 5:24 pm | Published in: Africa, Asia &amp; Americas,
   Austria, Egypt, Europe &amp; Russia, International Organisations, News,
   Switzerland, Tunisia, UN, US
   Image of Professor Yousef Nada [alresalah]
   Image of Professor Yousef Nada [alresalah]
   December 6, 2022 at 5:24 pm

   Tunisia's former President Hammadi Jbali is facing a Tunisian court to
   explain a potential link between himself and Youssef Nada and Ghaleb
   Hemmet, two men who obtained Tunisian passports in the 1970s which were
   renewed at the end of 2012 months after the decision of the European
   Court of Human Rights that Egyptian businessman Nada's rights had been
   violated by the Swiss authorities, which placed restrictions on his
   movement across borders.

   That decision was taken after Nada was accused by the US of helping to
   finance the 9/11 terrorist attacks. He was placed on a sanctions list
   approved by the UN Security Council, which placed travel restrictions
   on those listed.

   In Nada's case no evidence against him was ever found, but he remained
   trapped in an Italian enclave within Switzerland for several years.
   "Switzerland should have taken all possible measures, within the
   latitude available to it, to adapt the sanctions regime to the
   applicant's individual situation," ruled the court in Strasbourg. The
   Swiss government was ordered to pay Nada $31,550 to cover his costs and
   expenses.

   A court in Tunisia is now checking if Nada, 92, has any link with
   terrorism. Critics of President Kais Saied describe this as "nonsense"
   and an example of him using the law for political purposes.

   On 23 January, Arabi21 published a series of documents which appear to
   confirm that Nada and Hemmat were granted the Tunisian nationality
   legally, with official approval of the Ministries of Foreign Affairs
   and Justice and the Tunisian consulates in the Austrian capital,
   Vienna, and the Swiss city of Bern.

   These official documents included the certificate of nationality issued
   by the Tunisian ambassador in Vienna to Youssef Nada, the registration
   card signed by the Tunisian ambassador in April 1981, the certificate
   of Tunisian nationality issued by the Ministry of Justice in Tunisia on
   19 February 1983, and the letter from the head of the Nationality
   Authority in Tunisia on behalf of the Minister of Foreign Affairs on 14
   March 1983.

   READ: Tunisia: Ennahda accuses authorities of lack of transparency
   Categories
   AfricaAsia &amp; AmericasAustriaEgyptEurope &amp; RussiaInternational
   OrganisationsNewsSwitzerlandTunisiaUNUS
   Show Comments
   Creative Commons License Unless otherwise stated in the article above,
   this work by Middle East Monitor is licensed under a Creative Commons
   Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. If the
   image(s) bear our credit, this license also applies to them. What does
   that mean? For other permissions, please contact us.

Spotted an error on this page? Let us know

   ________________________________________

   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________

   This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
   Terms of Service apply.

   Send

   Δ
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

Related

   The JNF/KKL A Charity Complicit With Ethnic Cleansing book launch

   Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments.

Latest Updates

     * Africa
     * Asia &amp; Americas
     * Middle East
     * Europe
     * Book Reviews
     * Event Reviews
     * Film Reviews

Columnist

     * Dr Daud Abdullah
     * Ramzy Baroud
     * Kamel Hawwash
     * Amelia Smith
     * Yvonne Ridley
     * Asa Winstanley
     * Guest Writers
     * Interviews

Regular Contributors

     * Anjuman Rahman
     * Nasim Ahmed
     * Omar Ahmed
     * Jehan Alfarra
     * Khalil Charles
     * Ibrahim Hewitt
     * Muhammad Hussein
     * Maha Salah
     * Ramona Wadi

Reports &amp; Resources

     * Briefing Papers
     * Fact Sheets
     * Reports
     * Documents
     * Interviews

Stay Informed

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Youtube
     * Instagram

Middle East Monitor

     * About Us
     * Palestine Book Awards
     * Editorial Guidelines
     * Legal Pages
     * Press Releases
     * Privacy Policy
     * All Stories Archive
     * Contact Us

Creating New Perspectives

   Middle East Monitor is owned and operated by Ardi Associates Ltd
   © Ardi Associates Ltd 2009-2023. All Rights Reserved | Legal Pages |
   Privacy Policy
   Middle East Monitor

   [tr?id=2617219025192558&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-28">
<text>
   #VOA - Top Stories [RSS]

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N8MP7P

   analytics

Accessibility links

     * Skip to main content
     * Skip to main Navigation
     * Skip to Search

   (BUTTON) Next
   (BUTTON) Close (BUTTON) Previous (BUTTON) Next
   please wait

Print Options:

     * [X] Images
     * [X] Multimedia

     * [X] Embedded Content
     * [ ] Comments

   (BUTTON) Cancel (BUTTON) Print
   Link has been copied to clipboard
   [ ]

     * Home
     * [X] United States
       U.S. News All About America Silicon Valley &amp; Technology Immigration
     * [X] World
       Africa The Americas East Asia Europe Middle East South &amp; Central
       Asia
     * Ukraine
     * Press Freedom
     * COVID-19 Pandemic
     * China
     * Iran
     * Broadcast Programs

Follow Us

   Languages
   [ ]
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)
   site logo site logo
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)
   site logo site logo
   Previous Next
   [ ] Breaking News

   China News

China Blames Foreigners for Inciting Protests

   December 02, 2022 0:47 AM
     * Saibal Dasgupta
     __________________________________________________________________

   Protesters hold up blank papers and chant slogans as they march in
   Beijing, Nov. 27, 2022. Protesters hold up blank papers and chant
   slogans as they march in Beijing, Nov. 27, 2022.

   Share
     *
     *
     * ____________________ (text)
     *
     *


   China Blames Foreigners for Inciting Protests

   share
     *
     *
     * ____________________ (text)
     *
     *

   (BUTTON) Print
   NEW DELHI —

   China’s rulers are accusing "hostile forces," including foreigners, of
   inciting street demonstrations in more than three dozen Chinese cities
   and many more universities in the biggest domestic political challenge
   for Beijing since 1989's Tiananmen Square protests.

   At stake is the legitimacy of the ruling Chinese Communist Party as
   protesters question its management of the COVID-19 pandemic. The
   government has used repressive methods such as repetitive mass testing,
   quarantines, and lockdowns resulting in large-scale unemployment and
   economic loss.

   Jolted, the government is handling the new situation cautiously. Though
   several instances of police violence have taken place, state repression
   has not reached the magnitude initially feared. The government is
   depending more on propaganda to evoke nationalistic sentiments and
   using politically divisive methods to address some of the problems
   highlighted by protesters, according to analysts.

   “We must resolutely crack down on infiltration and sabotage activities
   by hostile forces in accordance with the law, resolutely crack down on
   illegal and criminal acts that disrupt social order and effectively
   maintain overall social stability," the CCP's Central Political and
   Legal Affairs Commission (CPLAC) said in a statement released Tuesday.

   Bucknell University political scientist Zhiqun Zhu said the statement
   is a direct reference to foreign forces attempting to fan the flames of
   political unrest.

   “The definitions of 'infiltration' and 'sabotage activities' are very
   broad. Even a foreign journalist reporting on site is viewed with
   suspicion," Zhu told VOA. "Social media postings and commentaries on
   the protests are also considered adding fuel to the fire.

   “In this context, foreigners offering critical comments about the
   protests or making contacts with protesters are easily blamed for
   instigating, shaping and guiding the demonstrations,” he said.

   By blaming unrest on foreigners and foreign governments, analysts said,
   Beijing can whip up nationalist sentiments that weaken the protest
   movement.

   An estimated 43 protests across 22 Chinese cities unfolded between
   Saturday and Monday, according to the Canberra-based Australian
   Strategic Policy Institute, and some analysts say the protests have
   since spread to more cities and towns.

   China's leadership is trying to meet some protest demands to lift
   COVID-19 requirements such as lockdowns, mass testing and quarantines,
   and several locked-down areas and restaurants in the southern Chinese
   city of Guangzhou — a manufacturing hub hit hard by the latest COVID-19
   outbreaks — reopened Wednesday.

   “I believe that in the next few days most of the locked-down areas
   across China will be reopened,” Hu Xijin, former editor in chief of the
   Global Times and a strong Communist Party voice, said in a video
   statement on the paper’s website.

   Hu indicated this would likely be done to maintain social stability.
   “As lockdowns are coming to an end, the biggest factor for public
   discontent will be eliminated. It will have a very positive effect on
   maintaining social stability,” he said.

   Instead of using batons to keep protesters in line — a normal strategy
   for Chinese riot officers — police are busy identifying possible rebels
   and troublemakers and checking phones to find out whether they have
   been circulating protest images on virtual private networks and
   accessing banned sites such as Facebook and Twitter.

   Tuesday's statement by CPLAC said agency officials had emphasized that
   "political and legal organs must take effective measures to …
   resolutely safeguard national security and social stability."

   Will protests persist?

   Analysts differ on whether the protests — which are demanding
   democratic freedoms and an end to censorship — are likely to continue.

   “It is unlikely that there will be more large-scale protests in the
   near future,” Zhu said. “New policies are being rolled out to loosen
   COVID-19 controls. It is also expected that the ‘zero-COVID' policy
   will be replaced by more scientific and pragmatic measures,” he said.

   Others disagree.

   “More protests will emerge in different parts of China in the coming
   days, although the authorities may try to suppress them," said
   Jagannath Panda, head of the Stockholm Center for South Asian and
   Indo-Pacific affairs at the Institute for Security and Development
   Policy in Sweden. "The Communist Party’s image has taken a severe
   beating because of widespread unemployment and the government’s
   repression.”

   Salih Hudayar, an activist leader of the Uyghur Muslims of Xinjiang,
   said China might even use the military to suppress the protest
   movement. The suppression of Uyghurs has drawn the attention of human
   rights activists and several foreign governments.

   “The Chinese government has already started to crack down on the
   protests by intimidating protesters and arresting many of them,” said
   Hudayar, prime minister of the self-styled East Turkistan Government in
   Exile.

   “Because there is not any meaningful political support from the
   international community, it's highly likely that the Chinese government
   will use military force to suppress the protests in the coming weeks,
   if not days,” he said.

Related

     * Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out
       Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out

Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out
     * US Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests US
       Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests

US Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests
     * For China, No Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy For China, No
       Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy

For China, No Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy
     * Chinese Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests Chinese
       Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests

Chinese Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests

Recommended

     * 52 Documentary Banner 52 Documentary Banner
       New series

52 Documentary

   Back to top

     * Follow Us
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
     * United States
          + US News
          + Immigration
          + All About America
          + Silicon Valley &amp; Technology
     * World
          + Africa
          + The Americas
          + East Asia Pacific
          + Europe
          + Middle East
          + South &amp; Central Asia
     * Sections
          + VOA Programs
          + Special projects
          + Day in Photos
          + Press Freedom
          + Refugees
          + VOA News on Iran
          + VOA News on China
          + Arts &amp; Culture
          + Economy &amp; Business
          + Health
          + Extremism Watch
          + Student Union
          + VOA Connect
          + 52 Documentary
          + Videos
     * More From VOA
          + VOAAfrica.com Programs
          + VOA Learning English
          + Polygraph.info
          + Editorials
          + Satellite schedule
     * About this site
          + Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Notice
          + About VOA
          + Get VOA+
          + VOA Around the World
          + Contact VOA
          + Media Relations
          + Usage Requests
          + VOA Pronunciation Guide

   XS
   SM
   MD
   LG
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-29">
<text>

     * Business
     * California
     * Climate &amp; Environment
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * En Español
     * Food
     * Housing &amp; Homelessness
     * Image
     * Lifestyle
     * Obituaries
     * Opinion
     * Politics
     * Science
     * Sports
     * Travel &amp; Experiences
     * World &amp; Nation
     * All Sections
     * _________________
     * Newsletters
     * Photography
     * Podcasts
     * Video
     * _________________
     * About Us
       (BUTTON)
          + About Us
          + Archives
          + Company News
          + eNewspaper
          + For the Record
          + Got a Tip?
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + L.A. Times Store
          + LA Times Studios
          + News App: Apple IOS
          + News App: Google Play
          + Newsroom Directory
          + Public Affairs
          + Rights, Clearance &amp; Permissions
          + Short Docs
          + About Us
          + Archives
          + Company News
          + eNewspaper
          + For the Record
          + Got a Tip?
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + L.A. Times Store
          + LA Times Studios
          + News App: Apple IOS
          + News App: Google Play
          + Newsroom Directory
          + Public Affairs
          + Rights, Clearance &amp; Permissions
          + Short Docs
     * Advertising
       (BUTTON)
          + Place an Ad
          + Classifieds
          + Coupons
          + People on the Move
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Local Ads Marketplace
          + Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times?
          + Hot Property Sections
          + Place an Open House
          + Sotheby’s International Realty
          + Place an Ad
          + Classifieds
          + Coupons
          + People on the Move
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Local Ads Marketplace
          + Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times?
          + Hot Property Sections
          + Place an Open House
          + Sotheby’s International Realty
     * Bestcovery
     * B2B Publishing
     * Business Visionaries
     * Hot Property
     * Crossword &amp; Games
     * L.A. Times Events
     * L.A. Times Store
     * Subscriptions
       (BUTTON)
          + Manage Subscription
          + EZPAY
          + Delivery Issue
          + eNewspaper
          + Students &amp; Educators
          + Subscribe
          + Subscriber Terms
          + Gift Subscription Terms
          + Manage Subscription
          + EZPAY
          + Delivery Issue
          + eNewspaper
          + Students &amp; Educators
          + Subscribe
          + Subscriber Terms
          + Gift Subscription Terms
     * Special Supplements
       (BUTTON)
          + Best of the Southland
          + Healthy Living
          + Las Vegas Guide
          + Best of the Southland
          + Healthy Living
          + Las Vegas Guide

   Copyright © 2023, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
   | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell My Personal Information

   (BUTTON) Sections

     * California
     * Entertainment
     * Sports
     * Food
     * Climate
     * Image
     * Opinion
     * |
     * Bestcovery
     * Coupons
     * Crossword
     * eNewspaper

   (BUTTON) Show Search
   ____________________Search Query (BUTTON) Submit Search

   Advertisement

   World &amp; Nation

In rare attack on foreigner, U.S. aid worker shot dead in Baghdad

   Shiite Muslims demonstrate
   Shiite Muslims demonstrate over the U.S. airstrike that killed Iranian
   Revolutionary Guard Gen. Qassem Soleimani, in the posters, in Karbala,
   Iraq, Saturday, Jan. 4, 2020. There have been demonstrations against
   the U.S. in Iraq, but rarely have American aid workers been targeted.
   (Khalid Mohammed / Associated Press)
   By QASSIM ABDUL-ZAHRA
   Associated Press
   Nov. 7, 2022 3:07 PM PT
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Show more sharing options

   Share (BUTTON) Close extra sharing options
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Email
     * Copy Link URLCopied!
     * Print

   BAGHDAD —

   Assailants fatally shot an American aid worker Monday in a rare killing
   of a foreigner in the Iraqi capital in recent years, two police
   officials said.

   The man was shot in his car as he entered the street where he lives in
   Baghdad’s central Karada district on the east bank of the Tigris River
   but the reason for the killing was not immediately clear, they said.
   They said the man’s wife and child were in the car with him but were
   not hurt.
   Advertisement

   The officials said as the man drove down his street, a car cut him off
   and assailants in another car shot him. It was not immediately clear if
   the assailants were trying to kidnap the man, they said.

   State Department spokesman Ned Price told reporters that the department
   is aware of the reports of the killing of a U.S. aid worker in Baghdad
   and is looking into them. But, he said the department was not yet in a
   position to confirm the accounts of the death or that the person was a
   U.S. citizen.

   According to documents seen by the Associated Press, the man had been
   renting an apartment in Karada’s Wahda area since May last year.
   Advertisement

   No one immediately claimed responsibility for the killing.

   U.S. Embassy officials could not immediately provide any information
   about the case.

   Two security officials confirmed a U.S. citizen who worked for an
   international aid organization had been killed without giving his name.
   They said details were scarce but an investigation was underway. The
   officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.

   A medical worker at Sheikh Zayed Hospital, where the victim was taken,
   said he was dead on arrival.
   Advertisement

   Prime Minister Mohammed Sudani said he would form a committee
   comprising the Interior Ministry and various security agencies to
   “investigate the circumstances of the killing of an American citizen in
   the capital.”

   The streets of the middle class, mixed Christian and Muslim
   neighborhood where the victim reportedly lived were empty of residents
   but heavily patrolled by police Monday night.

   Such attacks against individuals in the Iraqi capital have been rare
   since the defeat of the Islamic State group in the country in 2017 but
   rockets are sometimes fired toward the U.S. Embassy.
   Advertisement

   In the early years that followed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003,
   such attacks were common. In 2004, two Americans were kidnapped in
   Baghdad and extremists later released videos showing their beheading.

   The attack came after Iraq’s new Cabinet headed by Sudani was given a
   vote of confidence by parliament in late October. Sudani was named by
   the Iran-backed Coordination Framework, composed largely of Shiite
   parties.

   Iraq held early elections more than a year ago in response to mass
   anti-government protests that began in October 2019 in Baghdad and
   spread across southern Iraq. Protesters called for the overhaul of the
   political system established after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
   Advertisement

   U.S.-led coalition forces recently ended their combat mission in Iraq
   but continue to play an advisory role to Iraqi forces in the fight
   against Islamic State.

   Associated Press writer Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this
   report.
     __________________________________________________________________

   World &amp; Nation

More From the Los Angeles Times

     * WASHINGTON, DC - DECEMBER 14: Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi
       (D-CA) poses for photos near her portrait following an unveiling
       ceremony in National Statuary Hall in the U.S. Capitol Building on
       Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2022 in Washington, DC. Pelosi's portrait is an
       oil painting on canvas and painted by Ronald Sherr, who also
       painted the portrait of former Speaker of the House John Boehner
       (R-OH). (Kent Nishimura / Los Angeles Times)
       Podcasts

The Times podcast: What losing Nancy Pelosi as leader means for Dems
     * FILE - Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., Chair of the House Armed
       Services Military Personnel Subcommittee, speaks during a news
       conference on Capitol Hill, Sept. 16, 2020, in Washington. Federal
       prison employees say they're being bullied and threatened for
       raising concerns about serious misconduct and claim it's indicative
       of widespread problems in the Bureau of Prisons. It comes as the
       bureau faces increased scrutiny over its latest scandal: An
       Associated Press investigation uncovered a toxic culture that
       enabled sexual abuse at a federal women’s prison in California.
       Four employees, including a former warden, have been charged with
       federal crimes. Speier, who visited Dublin last week after reading
       AP's investigation, says she’s taking a larger congressional
       contingent to inspect the prison after the acting warden, Hinkle,
       prevented her from speaking one-on-one with inmates and staff. (AP
       Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
       Politics

Column: California lawmaker who survived Jonestown, Jan. 6 reflects on Trump,
Jim Jones and Congress
     * Mourners carry the bodies of Samer Houshiyeh, 21, left, and Fouad
       Abed, 25, during their funeral in the West Bank city of Jenin,
       Monday, Jan. 2, 2023. The two men were killed in the village of
       Kafr Dan near the northern city of Jenin. The Israeli military said
       it entered Kafr Dan late Sunday to demolish the houses of two
       Palestinian gunmen who killed an Israeli soldier during a firefight
       in September. The military said troops came under heavy fire and
       fired back at the shooters. (AP Photo/Nasser Nasser)
       World &amp; Nation

Israeli army kills 2 Palestinians in latest bloodshed in occupied West Bank
     * Cars cross the Tienditas International Bridge in San Antonio,
       Tachira state, Venezuela, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2023. Colombia and
       Venezuela on Sunday opened the bridge that was finished in 2016 but
       never inaugurated because years of political tensions. (AP
       Photo/Ferley Ospina)
       World &amp; Nation

Key bridge linking Colombia and Venezuela opens as tensions ease

Subscribers Are Reading

     * Food
       For Subscribers

These are the 101 best restaurants in Los Angeles
     * Travel &amp; Experiences

You should take a solo trip in January. Here are 7 rejuvenating spots around
California
     * California

Miracle or mirage? Atmospheric rivers end California drought year with heavy
snow and rain
     * California

Lockdowns, shootings, prostitution. How a school fought a ‘crime magnet’
motel and won

   Advertisement

Latest World &amp; Nation

     * World &amp; Nation

Russia fires dozens of drones at Kyiv, which says all were destroyed
     * World &amp; Nation

Thousands flock to the Vatican to see former Pope Benedict XVI lying in state
     * World &amp; Nation

Helicopters collide over Australian beach, killing 4 passengers
     * World &amp; Nation

14 are killed, dozens escape in attack on Mexican prison near border
     * World &amp; Nation

Trump rings in 2023 facing headwinds in his White House run

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   (BUTTON)
   Advertisement

   A California Times publication

   Subscribe for unlimited access

   Follow Us
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Facebook

     *
          + eNewspaper
          + Coupons
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Place an Ad
          + Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
          + Bestcovery
     *
          + Crossword
          + Obituaries
          + Recipes
          + L.A. Times Compare
          + L.A. Times Store
          + Wine Club
     *
          + About/Contact
          + For the Record
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + Manage Subscription
          + Reprints and Permissions
          + Site Map

   Copyright © 2023, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
   | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-3">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC Homepage
     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

     * Your account

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * More menu

   More menu
   Search BBC
     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

   (BUTTON) Close menu
   BBC News

   Menu
     * Home
     * War in Ukraine
     * Coronavirus
     * Climate
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science

   More
     * Stories
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Reality Check
     * Newsbeat
     * Long Reads

     * Asia
     * China
     * India

Japan to lift restrictions on foreign tourists

     * Published
       23 September 2022

   (BUTTON) Share
   (BUTTON) close panel
   Share page
   (BUTTON) Copy link
   About sharing
   Related Topics
     * Coronavirus pandemic

   A crowd of pedestrians cross Tokyo's central Shibuya crossing Image
   source, Getty Images
   Image caption,
   Foreigners will be able to holiday in Japan again from October
   By Frances Mao
   BBC News

   Japan will open its doors back up to foreign tourists, after more than
   two years of closed borders due to the Covid pandemic.

   Tourists will be able to visit the country without a visa, and will no
   longer need to go through a travel agency, from 11 October.

   A cap on daily arrivals will also be lifted.

   Japan's announcement comes at around the same time Taiwan and Hong Kong
   also relaxed entry rules for visitors.

   Taiwan will drop quarantine requirements for international arrivals by
   mid-October, while Hong Kong on Friday said it would move from hotel
   quarantine to stay-at-home requirements from 26 September.

   For Japan, the anticipated influx of travellers will be a welcome boost
   to government and local businesses, and comes as the Japanese yen has
   slid to its slowest point against the US dollar in six months.

   "Japan will relax border control measures to be on par with the US,"
   said Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

   The country has allowed visitors since June, but they had to be part of
   tours.

   Mr Kishida also announced a domestic travel incentive scheme that will
   give discounts on travel, theme park prices, sporting events and
   concerts. Japanese residents and citizens will be eligible for a 11,000
   yen (£69; $77) subsidy.

   Similar programmes have been introduced in other countries' re-openings
   to encourage locals to spend and stimulate the economy. However, like
   elsewhere, the rise in cost of living has been a dominant concern for
   locals.

   The world's third-largest economy was one of the last Asian powerhouses
   to keep its borders closed due to Covid health concerns.

   Its death rate is the lowest among the world's wealthiest nations,
   while the country's vaccination rate is among the highest.

   Japan also never mandated lockdowns or mask wearing, but many locals
   readily adopted protections.

   Japan saw nearly 32 million foreigners visit in 2019, the last year
   prior to the pandemic. And the restrictions on travellers in recent
   months had precluded many foreigners from visiting, reports showed.

More on this story

     * Japan may relax travel restrictions to boost yen
          + 12 September 2022
       Young man at Akihabara electric town, street view, Tokyo, Japan.
     * Japan reopens to tourists but with strict rules
          + 10 June 2022
       Visitors at the Sensoji Temple in Tokyo.
     * Cost of living: The shock of rising prices in Japan
          + 9 June 2022
       Japanese shoppers

Related Topics

     * Japan
     * Coronavirus pandemic

Top Stories

     * Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
          + Published
            1 hour ago
     * Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
          + Published
            2 hours ago
     * 'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
          + Published
            3 hours ago

Features

     * The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
       Lisa and Robert Opala
     * The Moon hoax that fooled the world. VideoThe Moon hoax that fooled
       the world
       The Moon lit up by the Sun
     * Sound Of 2023: Cat Burns writing songs to help fans
       Cat Burns
     *
     * 'My autism made me an artist but I wanted a family'
       David Downes
     * Could this be the world’s tallest man?
       Sulemana Abdul Samed
     * Surfer creates eco-haven with ancient knowhow
       Javier Lijo holds up a cocoa pod
     * World celebrates arrival of 2023
       A person wears 2023 glasses during New Year celebrations in Times
       Square during the first New Year's Eve event without restrictions
       since the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in the Manhattan
       borough of New York City, New York,
     * NYE in Putin’s Russia - nothing is normal
       President Putin surrounded by troops during his New Year's address
     * Why pleasure is key to losing weight
       Female runner

Elsewhere on the BBC

     * The most unlikely TV hit ever?
       Men Digging
     * Which protein is most climate-friendly?
       Woman Eating Burger
     * The railway that forever changed the US
       Drawing of Train in Mountains

Most Read

    1. 1
       Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
    2. 2
       'I want my father and brother back' - Prince Harry
    3. 3
       Could this be the world’s tallest man?
    4. 4
       'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
    5. 5
       Jeremy Renner in hospital after snow plough accident
    6. 6
       Croatia begins new euro and Schengen zone era
    7. 7
       Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
    8. 8
       The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
    9. 9
       Race to free Vietnamese boy stuck in shaft
   10. 10
       Cruise passengers stranded over ship marine growth

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On smart speakers
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Get Personalised Newsletters
     * Why you can trust the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info

   © 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external
   sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-30">
<text>


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-T6C76B8

   TheMayor.EU logo TheMayor.EU logo
   Get involved (BUTTON) search button (BUTTON) nav button
     * Аbout us (BUTTON) megamenu button
          + (BUTTON) Back
          + What we do
          + Team
          + Partners
          + Contacts
     * Growing City
     * Smart City
     * Green City
     * Social City
     * New European Bauhaus
     * Mayor of Europe™
     * Interviews
     * European projects

   (BUTTON) menu close

What we do

Team

Partners

Contacts

   (BUTTON) menu close

Development

   See all
   image
   Development

TheMayor.EU in 2022: Our year in review

   A look back at our most important initiatives and achievements this
   past 12 months
   Dec 25, 2022 10:00
   image
   Culture and Tourism / Development

UNWTO names its 2022 Best Tourism Villages, and ten are in the EU

   This highlights Europe’s premier attractiveness for rural tourism
   Dec 21, 2022 13:55

Economy and Finance

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Brussels / Economy and Finance / Mobility

EIB wants to make public transport in Brussels more attractive than cars

   The massive 475-million-euro investment will renovate and strengthen
   the Good Move mobility plan
   Dec 21, 2022 14:57
   image
   Austria / Economy and Finance / Politics and Reforms

Landlords will not be able to pass brokerage fees to tenants in Austria’s
Vorarlberg

   This can save would-be renters up to two months in rent and make moving
   into a new home much more affordable
   Dec 19, 2022 12:00

Politics and Reforms

   See all
   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   The new regulations will lead to more recycled materials and officials
   plan for more in 2025 and 2030
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   (BUTTON) menu close

Innovation and Research

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   image
   Sweden / Innovation and Research / Social City

Sweden’s first food delivery by drone takes place in rural Stockholm County

   For two weeks, as an experiment, the residents of Gräddö and Tjockö are
   getting their groceries brought in by the flying devices
   Dec 23, 2022 09:57

Digital transformation

   See all
   image
   Finland / Digital transformation

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   The experiment is the first of its kind in the world and it aims to
   bring the news to island villages
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   image
   Germany / Bergamo / Digital transformation / Mobility

Berlin wants to reactivate its inland ports with new mobility strategy

   The city also plans to boost parking zones for loading and deliveries,
   as well as for people with disabilities, at the expense of those for
   regular cars
   Dec 21, 2022 12:26
   (BUTTON) menu close

Energy efficiency

   See all
   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   image
   Denmark / Energy efficiency

Did you know that a Christmas tree can power two hot showers?

   The Danish District Heating company has some advice for residents on
   how to recycle the holiday firs
   Dec 30, 2022 13:13

Mobility

   See all
   image
   Romania / Culture and Tourism / Mobility

Romanian city expands its airports to boost municipal airline

   Oradea’s Terminal 1 will open in 2023 to handle 800 passengers per hour
   Dec 29, 2022 17:06
   image
   Germany / Mobility / Public Spaces

German cities to remove low-emissions zones – the air has gotten better

   In some municipalities, low-emissions zones have been in force for the
   past 14 years
   Dec 29, 2022 12:06

Public Spaces

   See all
   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   (BUTTON) menu close

Culture and Tourism

   See all
   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   image
   Spain / Culture and Tourism

One of Europe’s oldest civil holidays takes place on 31 December in Palma de
Mallorca

   Probably, you haven’t heard of the Festa de l’Estandard, but it’s time
   to change that
   Dec 30, 2022 15:58

Education and Sport

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   image
   Finland / Vantaa / Education and Sport / Public Spaces

This Finnish city will allow burkini in the public pools

   Vantaa has also given the green light to swimming shorts, so the
   wardrobe options to pool users have definitely expanded a great deal
   Dec 13, 2022 17:54

Welfare and Health

   See all
   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   image
   Greece / Athens / Welfare and Health

Athens: free holiday haircuts for the homeless

   Mayor Kostas Bakoyannis believes that this is a way to give dignity
   back to the vulnerable, a core of local social services
   Dec 28, 2022 13:00
   (BUTTON) menu close
   image
   Bulgaria / Interviews / Read Twice

Veni Markovski: It's about time the media stopped inviting “experts” who
spread false info

   Nov 28, 2022 11:30
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Netherlands / Utrecht / Green City / Interviews

Sharon Dijksma: Without cities, it will be impossible to tackle global
warming

   Nov 21, 2022 13:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Vasco Cordeiro: The European project is at stake when solidarity is at stake

   Aug 1, 2022 11:34
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Interviews

Cities Mission has made citizen engagement and participatory processes an
important part of its functioning

   Jul 14, 2022 14:57
   ICLEI Europe
   image
   Portugal / Matosinhos / Interviews

Luisa Salgueiro: Climate resilience work is never completed, it’s a
continuously upgraded project

   Jun 23, 2022 12:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews

EBRD's aim is to support increased climate ambition within cities

   May 18, 2022 13:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Greece / Athens / Interviews / Welfare and Health

Melina Daskalaki: Our mission is to promote the social reintegration of
homeless individuals

   May 16, 2022 11:04
   Svilena Iotkovska
   image
   Sweden / Interviews

Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh: Malmö Resilience Hub will have the potential to
connect cities on the Baltic Sea

   May 11, 2022 15:26
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Bulgaria / Blagoevgrad / Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Ilko Stoyanov: Municipalities face the brunt of global crises

   Apr 28, 2022 10:43
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Portugal / Matosinhos / Interviews / New European Bauhaus

Catarina Selada on the first-ever platform that assigns credits for saved
carbon emissions

   Apr 26, 2022 13:25
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   (BUTTON) Search

Search

   Search input ____________________
   (BUTTON) menu search submit
   Home

Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning property
there

     * en

     * Spain
     * Development

     * --
     * Share:
       facebook
       twitter
       linkedin

   image
   1

   The Balearics' Mediterranean climate is a high selling point in its
   housing market, Source: Unsplash
   2 min read
   2022-12-05 16:57:55 (Last edit 2022-12-05 17:01:13)
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning property
there

   Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning
   property there

   One-third of homes on the islands this year were sold to nationals of
   other countries, many of whom are non-residents

   Last week, the regional government of the Balearic Islands decided to
   create a working group, which will have the task of studying the legal
   possibility of limiting the purchasing powers of foreign nationals in
   the housing market there. The reason behind this drastic move is the
   fact that high purchasing incidence from foreign buyers is driving the
   price of housing often beyond the reach of locals.

   Banning the outright purchase of properties by EU nationals, however,
   would likely be impossible as it would clash with EU legislation, the
   rules of the common market and the freedom of movement of people and
   capital.

   The group is already working on the preparation of an initial report on
   the current European regulatory situation, which prevents the
   limitation of the purchase of properties by foreigners from states of
   the European Union.

   From now on, the group will analyze the existing experiences in the
   European sphere and the international community to draw conclusions
   applicable to the situation of the Islands. Apparently, there’s already
   precedence in the case of Denmark, but this exclusion had been
   specifically written into its EU-accession treaty. The initiative
   called for the report to be delivered in one year.

The islands’ attractiveness is the cause of its housing crisis, too

   Without a doubt, the Balearic Archipelago is very attractive for buyers
   of other nationalities, either as a second residence or as
   an investment. The dean of the Association of Registrars of the
   Balearic Islands, José Luis Jiménez-Herrera, explained to Ultima Hora,
   that the sunny climate, as well as good transport connections and legal
   certainty, are some of the main attractions of this Spanish region.

   So much so that this year alone, 35.1% of the housing units on offer in
   the Balearics were snatched up by non-Spanish nationals. This makes the
   archipelago, the Spanish region with the highest percentage of property
   sales to citizens of other countries. For comparison, the national
   average sits at 14.14%.

   The main buyers are predominantly from northern Europe – British,
   Germans and Scandinavians. What’s more, many of them buy the units
   without having to resort to mortgages.

Newsletter

   Your e-mail
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit Loading
   Back

Growing City

   All
     * en

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Spain / Barcelona / Growing City

Rent in Barcelona has grown over 50% in less than a decade

   The Catalan capital is the most expensive Spanish city in terms of
   property – both for renting and for buying
   Dec 29, 2022 17:18
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   The new regulations will lead to more recycled materials and officials
   plan for more in 2025 and 2030
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   Denis Balgaranov

Smart City

   All
     * en

   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Finland / Digital transformation

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   The experiment is the first of its kind in the world and it aims to
   bring the news to island villages
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Sweden / Innovation and Research / Social City

Sweden’s first food delivery by drone takes place in rural Stockholm County

   For two weeks, as an experiment, the residents of Gräddö and Tjockö are
   getting their groceries brought in by the flying devices
   Dec 23, 2022 09:57
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Green City

   All
     * en

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Social City

   All
     * en

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Estonia / Social City

Estonian citizens will be able to pick their passports from supermarkets

   The new service will be available in the retail sector following an
   agreement with the Ministry of Interior of Estonia
   Dec 30, 2022 16:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

New European Bauhaus

   All
     * en

   image
   New European Bauhaus

Apply for the New European Bauhaus Prizes, and win up to 30 000 euros

   The 2023 edition of the creative initiative promises to be bigger,
   bolder and more inclusive
   Dec 19, 2022 15:47
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Spain / Green City / New European Bauhaus

Zaragoza to go a step further with climate transformation, as part of CrAFt
Cities club

   This initiative seeks to integrate the values of the New European
   Bauhaus into the European Commission’s 100 Cities Mission
   Nov 01, 2022 16:52
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   New European Bauhaus

New European Bauhaus now has 5 lighthouse demonstrators

   These will be spread across 11 EU countries and will serve to support
   the EU Missions
   May 12, 2022 17:35
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Interviews

   All
   image
   Bulgaria / Interviews / Read Twice

Veni Markovski: It's about time the media stopped inviting “experts” who
spread false info

   Veni Markovski’s take on dealing with disinformation in the European
   Union's poorest country – Bulgaria
   Nov 28, 2022 11:30
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Netherlands / Utrecht / Green City / Interviews

Sharon Dijksma: Without cities, it will be impossible to tackle global
warming

   A conversation with the mayor of Utrecht on the occasion of her mission
   to COP27
   Nov 21, 2022 13:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Vasco Cordeiro: The European project is at stake when solidarity is at stake

   A conversation with the President of the European Committee of the
   Regions, about energy, climate change and the underrated importance of
   cohesion policy
   Aug 01, 2022 11:34
   Denis Balgaranov

   ECP 2021 Winner TheMayorEU

Latest

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   image
   Estonia / Social City
   Dec 30, 2022 16:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Estonian citizens will be able to pick their passports from supermarkets

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   image
   Spain / Culture and Tourism
   Dec 30, 2022 15:58
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

One of Europe’s oldest civil holidays takes place on 31 December in Palma de
Mallorca

   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   Denis Balgaranov

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   image
   Denmark / Energy efficiency
   Dec 30, 2022 13:13
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Did you know that a Christmas tree can power two hot showers?

   image
   Austria / Vienna / Culture and Tourism
   Dec 30, 2022 12:11
   Denis Balgaranov

Vienna Philharmonic New Year Concert 2023 – broadcast to over 90 countries

   image
   Finland / Energy efficiency
   Dec 29, 2022 17:53
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Finnish company plans to start extracting uranium, in a first for Europe

   image
   Spain / Barcelona / Growing City
   Dec 29, 2022 17:18
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Rent in Barcelona has grown over 50% in less than a decade

   image
   Romania / Culture and Tourism / Mobility
   Dec 29, 2022 17:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Romanian city expands its airports to boost municipal airline

   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   Denis Balgaranov

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   image
   Finland / Digital transformation
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   image
   Germany / Mobility / Public Spaces
   Dec 29, 2022 12:06
   Denis Balgaranov

German cities to remove low-emissions zones – the air has gotten better

   image
   Bulgaria / Energy efficiency / Mobility
   Dec 28, 2022 17:00
   Denis Balgaranov

Burgas – Bulgaria’s possible EV charging hub on the Black Sea

Newsletter

   Your email
   ____________________
   Receive the latest news from the EU municipalities in your inbox.
   (BUTTON) Submit Loading
   facebook twitter linkedin instagram
   RSS

Аbout us

     * What we do
     * Team
     * Contacts

Growing City

     * Economy and Finance
     * Politics and Reforms
     * Development

Smart City

     * Digital transformation
     * Innovation and Research

Social City

     * Culture and Tourism
     * Education and Sport
     * Welfare and Health

Green City

     * Mobility
     * Public Spaces
     * Energy efficiency

   © 2023
   Contacts
   FAQs
   Terms and Conditions
   Privacy Policy
   Advertising and Sponsored Content
   Image credits: Depositphotos
   By: StudioX
   (BUTTON) Go to top
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-31">
<text>
   The new PMC design is here! Learn more about navigating our updated
   article layout. The PMC legacy view will also be available for a
   limited time.
   (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON) Back to Top Skip to main content

   U.S. flag

   An official website of the United States government
   (BUTTON) Here's how you know
   Dot gov

   The .gov means it’s official.
   Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing
   sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
   Https

   The site is secure.
   The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website
   and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted
   securely.

   NIH NLM Logo
   Log in (BUTTON) Show account info
   (BUTTON) Close

Account

   Logged in as:
   username
     * Dashboard
     * Publications
     * Account settings
     * Log out

   Access keys NCBI Homepage MyNCBI Homepage Main Content Main Navigation

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   Search PMC Full-Text Archive ____________________ (BUTTON) Search in
   PMC
   (BUTTON) Run this search in PubMed
     * Advanced Search
     * User Guide

   (BUTTON)

     * Journal List
     * HHS Author Manuscripts
     * PMC3092701

Other Formats

     * PubReader
     * PDF (341K)

Actions

     * (BUTTON) Cite
     * Favorites

Share

     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
       Permalink
       https://www.ncbi.nlm (BUTTON) Copy

RESOURCES

     * (BUTTON) Similar articles
     * (BUTTON) Cited by other articles
     * (BUTTON) Links to NCBI Databases

     * Journal List
     * HHS Author Manuscripts
     * PMC3092701

   Logo of nihpa

   J Soc Clin Psychol. Author manuscript; available in PMC 2011 May 11.
   Published in final edited form as:
   J Soc Clin Psychol. 2011; 30(2): 133-162.
   doi: 10.1521/jscp.2011.30.2.133
   PMCID: PMC3092701
   NIHMSID: NIHMS287138
   PMID: 21572896

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER IN ONE'S OWN LAND: POTENTIAL IMPLICATIONS FOR IDENTITY
AND PSYCHOLOGICAL ADJUSTMENT

   QUE-LAM HUYNH, THIERRY DEVOS, and LAURA SMALARZ

QUE-LAM HUYNH

   San Diego State University
   Find articles by QUE-LAM HUYNH

THIERRY DEVOS

   San Diego State University
   Find articles by THIERRY DEVOS

LAURA SMALARZ

   Iowa State University
   Find articles by LAURA SMALARZ
   Author information Copyright and License information Disclaimer
   QUE-LAM HUYNH, San Diego State University;
   Contributor Information.
   Address correspondence to Que-Lam Huynh, Department of Psychology, San
   Diego State University, 5500 Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-4611;
   moc.liamg@maleuq.hnyuh
   Copyright notice
   The publisher's final edited version of this article is available free
   at J Soc Clin Psychol

Abstract

   The perpetual foreigner stereotype posits that members of ethnic
   minorities will always be seen as the "other" in the White Anglo-Saxon
   dominant society of the United States (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005), which may
   have negative implications for them. The goal of the present research
   was to determine whether awareness of this perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts identity and psychological adjustment. We conducted
   a series of studies with 231 Asian Americans and 211 Latino/as (Study
   1), 89 African Americans (Study 2), and 56 Asian Americans and 165
   Latino/as (Study 3). All participants completed measures of perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of belonging to
   American culture, and demographics. In Study 3, participants also
   completed measures of psychological adjustment: depression, hope, and
   life satisfaction. All participants were students at a large, public
   university on the West Coast of the United States. Across studies, we
   found that even after controlling for perceived discrimination,
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant
   predictor of identity conflict and lower sense of belonging to American
   culture. From Study 3, we also found that, above and beyond perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   significantly predicted lower hope and life satisfaction for Asian
   Americans, and that it was a marginal predictor of greater depression
   for Latino/as. These results suggest that the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype may play a role in ethnic minority identity and adjustment.

   "Where are you from?" This benign question is commonly asked during
   social interactions, and the answer often leads to interesting
   conversations with strangers or acquaintances. But what if an answer
   like "Lincoln, Nebraska," "Baltimore, Maryland," or "Modesto,
   California" does not suffice for the questioner? Indeed, ethnic
   minorities, especially Asian Americans and Latino/as, are often asked
   follow-up questions like, "No, where are you really from?" or "I meant,
   where are you originally from?" (Liang, Li, &amp; Kim, 2004; Sue,
   Capodilupo et al., 2007). At least under some circumstances,
   experiences such as these may be perceived by some ethnic minorities as
   a message that they do not share the American identity or have in-group
   status; therefore, these experiences may have negative implications for
   their identity and adjustment. Thus, in a series of three studies
   involving three major American ethnic minority groups, we sought to
   demonstrate that members of ethnic minorities are aware of this
   perpetual foreigner stereotype (Cheryan &amp; Monin, 2005; Devos &amp; Banaji,
   2005), and this awareness is linked to their sense of belonging to
   American society, sense of conflict between ethnic and national
   identities, and psychological adjustment.

THE PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE

   Although the United States is historically an immigrant nation with an
   ethnically and culturally diverse population, members of ethnic
   minority groups are often innocuously denied the American identity and
   treated as if they were perpetual foreigners." This especially is
   evident in recent research that shows an overwhelming propensity to
   more readily ascribe the American identity to European Americans rather
   than to ethnic minorities (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Devos, Gavin, &amp;
   Quintana, 2010; Devos &amp; Heng, 2009; Devos &amp; Ma, 2008; Rydell, Hamilton,
   &amp; Devos, 2010). Even when ethnic minorities are explicitly judged to be
   American, implicitly, in the minds of both European Americans and some
   ethnic minorities (Asian Americans and Latino/as), being "American" is
   equated with being White.

   The assumption that ethnic minorities do not fit the definition of what
   it means to be American may manifest itself in subtle, covert
   marginalizing incidents, such as questioning an individual's home-town,
   complimenting his/her command of the English language, or mistaking
   him/her as a foreigner (Liang et al., 2004). These behaviors comprise a
   contemporary form of racism called racial microaggression, whereby
   racism is disguised in supposedly benign behaviors and comments (e.g.,
   Where are you from?) that convey strong messages of exclusion and
   inferiority (Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007). Even when the intent of
   perpetrators, who can be of any ethnic or racial group, is not
   malicious or racially motivated, it is in these seemingly harmless
   occurrences that ethnic minorities are told that they are somehow less
   American than European Americans.

   Research on the extent to which ethnic minorities are aware of being
   stereotyped as foreigners is limited. In a study on identity denial, or
   the acceptance threat that results when an individual who does not
   match the prototype of an in-group sees his/her identity called into
   question or unrecognized by fellow group members, Asian Americans were
   indeed aware of being denied the American identity by others despite
   the fact that they feel just as American as European Americans (Cheryan
   &amp; Monin, 2005). The study also identified situations of identity denial
   in everyday interactions for Asian Americans and Latino/as, who
   reported being misperceived as being from another country or a
   nonnative English speaker significantly more often than European
   Americans. Similarly, African American and Cuban American women
   reported feeling excluded from the national category by European
   Americans (Barlow, Taylor, &amp; Lambert, 2000). Although these experiences
   may be qualitatively different for Asian Americans and Latino/as (who
   are likely to be mistaken as immigrants when they are native-born) than
   for African Americans (who are likely to experience other forms
   exclusion from the American identity as a result of the "exclusionary
   patriotism" discussed below; Sidanius &amp; Petrocik, 2001), these findings
   suggest that overall, ethnic minorities are aware that they are
   perceived as less American and, in some cases, more foreign than
   European Americans.

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE AND IDENTITY

   Although the denial of ethnic minorities' American identity is a
   phenomenon that has been identified in the literature (e.g., Cheryan &amp;
   Monin, 2005; Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007), the
   link, if any, between awareness of this perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   identity, and psychological adjustment has not been directly examined.
   In terms of identity, Cheryan and Monin (2005) found that identity
   denial impacted Asian Americans' everyday behavior, especially when
   they felt that their American identity was in question. In response to
   identity threat, they used identity assertion techniques, such as
   demonstrating awareness of popular American culture and engaging more
   in American practices to assert their American identity. In Barlow et
   al.'s (2000) study with African American women, feelings of exclusion
   from the national identity by European Americans were related to how
   African American women perceive their own group, such that those who
   felt more excluded held more pessimistic views of the economic and
   social position of African Americans, regardless of their actual
   socioeconomic status. Researchers have also identified a significant
   and negative correlation between perceived prejudice and negative
   self-concept among Japanese Americans, suggesting that the more this
   minority group was aware of negative prejudice against them, the more
   negatively they viewed themselves (Asamen &amp; Berry, 1987). These
   findings all indicate a potential link between how an individual
   believes he/she is perceived by others and his/her own perception of
   the self. In the present research, we were particularly interested in
   the association between awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and subjective reports of conflict between one's ethnic and national
   identities, as well as feelings of belonging to mainstream American
   culture.

Conflict Between Ethnic and National Identities

   If minority groups are, to some extent, cognizant that they are
   psychologically denied the American identity, we expect that the
   awareness of being perceived as a foreigner may account for subjective
   reports of internal conflict between their ethnic and national
   identities. Benet-Martinez and Haritatos's (2005) work on bicultural
   identity integration indicated that some bicultural individuals have
   difficulty incorporating their national and ethnic cultures into a
   cohesive sense of self. These bicultural individuals were also
   particularly sensitive to specific tensions between their national and
   ethnic cultural orientations and saw this incompatibility as a source
   of internal conflict. If ethnic minorities are continually excluded
   from the national identity and reminded that they do not typify what it
   means to be American, it would be expected that they experience some
   degree of internal conflict.

   Research on the perceived interrelations between multiple social
   identities and social identity complexity theory suggests that the less
   a person perceives the different groups to which he/she belongs as
   being similar to each other, the more complex his or her social
   identity will be (Roccas &amp; Brewer, 2002). When multiple group
   identities are not convergent, they may become conflicting or even
   competing, such that the individual feels he/she must choose between
   one identity or another. In the case of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype, individuals whose American identity is often called into
   question may conclude that they are not perceived as being as American
   as European Americans. Thus, we hypothesized that one's awareness of
   being perceived by others as a foreigner would predict one's sense of
   conflict between ethnic and national identities.

Sense of Belonging in America

   Additionally, we investigated whether awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype is associated with feelings of belonging in
   America. A study of ethnic and American identity among ethnic minority
   adolescents suggested that many feel as if American or mainstream
   culture generally means White and thus does not include them (Phinney,
   Cantu, &amp; Kurtz, 1997). According to this research, American identity is
   likely to be associated with a heightened sense of belonging to the
   White majority for European Americans. Conversely, it can be expected
   that membership in an ethnic minority group is associated with a
   relatively lowered sense of belonging to the mainstream culture. Such
   seems to be the case in research based on social dominance theory
   (Sidanius, Feshbach, Levin, &amp; Pratto, 1997), which suggests that
   belongingness to the nation as a whole is more strongly and positively
   associated with membership in the dominant ethnic group and less
   strongly associated with membership in subordinate ethnic groups.
   Simply being a member of an ethnic minority seems to entail a certain
   degree of exclusion from the national identity, potentially
   contributing to feelings of marginalization and a decreased sense of
   belonging to mainstream America.

   Further evidence for ethnic minorities' relative lack of sense of
   belonging in America may be seen in research on national attachment, in
   which European Americans reported the greatest amount of patriotism and
   nationalism compared to Asian Americans, Latino/as, and African
   Americans (Sidanius et al., 1997). Minorities' relative lack of
   patriotism (defined as a love for one's country and its major symbols)
   and nationalism (the desire for the dominance of one's own nation over
   others) may be attributable to the "exclusionary patriotism" that
   emerges in a multiethnic society (Sidanius &amp; Petrocik, 2001). According
   to this perspective, the socially dominant group is more identified
   with the nation's symbols and public institutions, which may lead to
   questions like "Where are you really from?" directed at visible
   minorities in various countries around the world where there is an
   immigrant or ethnic minority population. In the United States, this
   unequal association between that which is American and different ethnic
   groups may contribute to and perpetuate the exclusion of ethnic
   minorities from the national identity. If one group enjoys a greater
   sense of identification with the mainstream culture, then other groups
   who do not fit the majority picture can be expected to feel excluded or
   marginalized from this identity. Thus, based on the above concurrent
   findings on sense of belonging and national attachment, we expected
   individuals who feel frequently reminded of their perpetual foreigner
   status and consequently psychologically denied the American identity to
   feel marginalized from mainstream American society and to experience a
   lessened sense of belonging to the national identity. In other words,
   we hypothesized that an individual's sense of belonging to mainstream
   American culture would be predicted by his/her awareness of being
   perceived as a foreigner.

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE AND PSYCHOLOGICAL ADJUSTMENT

   In addition to the relations with identity, we were also interested in
   the association between awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and psychological adjustment, including mental health (depression) and
   well-being (hope and life satisfaction). Previous research suggests
   that subtle forms of racism, such as racial micro-aggressions and the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype, may be detrimental to victims'
   psychological health, like old-fashioned, overt racism (Sue,
   Capodilupo, et al., 2007). For example, targets of racial
   microaggressions report experiencing anxiety, stress, helplessness,
   academic disengagement, anger, and frustration (Smith, Allen, &amp; Danley,
   2007; Solorzano, Ceja, &amp; Yosso, 2000). The perpetual foreigner
   stereotype is particularly salient for Asian Americans, for whom being
   treated as an alien in one's own land is associated with feelings of
   inferiority, discomfort, and isolation (Sue, Bucceri, Lin, Nadal, &amp;
   Torino, 2007). Although the above studies provide a rich and detailed
   understanding of racial microaggressions, including the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype, they are all purely qualitative in nature and
   restricted to one ethnic group. In the current set of quantitative
   studies, we hypothesized that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype will predict higher levels of depression and lower levels of
   hope and life satisfaction for both Latino/as and Asian Americans
   (Study 3, which does not include African American participants). These
   adjustment variables, which include psychological symptoms and positive
   functioning, have been the focus of much research on perceived
   discrimination (e.g., Klonoff &amp; Landrine, 1999; Neto, 2001; discussed
   below), so they were chosen to provide evidence of incremental validity
   for the perpetual foreigner stereotype construct.

THE ROLE OF PERCEIVED DISCRIMINATION

   When studying identity and psychological adjustment among ethnic
   minorities, it is important also to consider the role played by
   perceived discrimination. It could be said that perceived
   discrimination, as it is typically measured, refers to a more blatant
   form of discrimination than the perpetual foreigner stereotype, which
   constitutes a more subtle form of discrimination (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005;
   Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007). Experiences with both forms of
   discrimination may have negative implications for ethnic minorities,
   and they may independently account for the identity and psychological
   outcomes of interest. For example, with regard to identity, a study on
   Chinese Americans found that perceived discrimination predicts a
   greater sense of conflict between one's ethnic and national identities
   (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005). Furthermore, perceived
   discrimination is related to a lower sense of belonging among Latino/a
   college students (Levin, Van Laar, &amp; Foote, 2006). Previous research
   has also found consistent and moderate associations between perceived
   discrimination and psychological maladjustment. For example, perceived
   discrimination predicts distress symptoms, such as depression and
   anxiety, for African American adults (Klonoff &amp; Landrine, 1999;
   Klonoff, Landrine, &amp; Ullman, 1999; Pieterse &amp; Carter, 2007). Perceived
   discrimination is also related to higher depression, anxiety, and
   psychosomatic symptoms for Vietnamese adolescents in Finland (Liebkind,
   Jasinskaja-Lahti, &amp; Solheim, 2004) and Latino/a adolescents in the
   United States (Smokowski &amp; Bacallao, 2007). In addition, perceived
   discrimination has been theorized to be related to lowered hope (Adams
   et al., 2003), and it has been found to be related to lowered life
   satisfaction for immigrants in several different settlement countries
   (e.g., Neto, 2001; Sam, 2001; Vohra &amp; Adair, 2000). Based on these
   findings, we expected that perceived discrimination would be related to
   identity and psychological adjustment, but we hypothesized that the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype would predict identity and psychological
   adjustment above and beyond perceived discrimination.

THE CURRENT STUDIES

   The goals of the current studies were two-fold: (1) to examine the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype and perceived discrimination in
   different ethnic minority groups, and (2) to determine the potential
   implications of the perpetual foreigner stereotype for individuals'
   identity and psychological adjustment. Specifically, we hypothesized
   that exposure to the perpetual foreigner stereotype and discrimination
   would be a more common experience for ethnic minorities than for
   European Americans, such that Asian Americans, Latino/as, and African
   Americans would report both higher awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype and higher perceived discrimination as compared to European
   Americans. Moreover, after controlling for the effects of perceived
   discrimination, the perpetual foreigner stereotype should predict (a) a
   greater sense of conflict between one's ethnic and national identities,
   (b) a lower sense of belonging to mainstream American society, (c)
   higher levels of depression symptoms, (d) lower levels of hope, and (e)
   lower levels of life satisfaction among ethnic minorities. We tested
   the first hypothesis about awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype using data from Asian Americans (Studies 1 and 3), Latino/as
   (Studies 1 and 3), and African Americans (Study 2); hypotheses about
   the potential implications of the stereotype on identity using data
   from all three ethnic minority groups (Studies 1 and 2); and hypotheses
   about the potential implications of the stereotype on psychological
   adjustment using data from Asian Americans and Latino/as (Study 3).

STUDY 1

   To examine awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype and
   perceived experiences of discrimination among different ethnic groups,
   we collected data from Asian Americans, Latino/as, and European
   Americans in Study 1. We also examined the link between the awareness
   of being viewed as a perpetual foreigner and important facets of
   identity.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 836 undergraduate students from a large, public
   university on the West Coast of the United States. There were 231 Asian
   Americans, 211 Latino/as, and 394 European Americans. The sample ranged
   in age from 17 to 42 years (M = 19.15, SD = 2.01), most of whom were
   college freshmen, and there were 568 (68.0%) women. All participants
   were American citizens, and most European Americans were third+
   generation Americans, whereas most Asian Americans and Latino/as were
   second+ generation Americans. See Table 1 for complete participant
   demographics.

TABLE 1

   Participant Demographics for Studies 1-3
   Ethnicity Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   All Asian Americans Latino/as European Americans All African Americans
   European Americans Latino/as Asian Americans
   N 836 231 211 394 151 89 62 165 56
   % female 68.0 64.9 69.7 69.0 73.5 76.4 69.4 63.0 66.1
   Age range 17-42 18-24 17-42 17-37 18-45 18-45 18-37 18-32 18-24
   Age M (SD) 19.15 (2.01) 19.16 (1.49) 19.04 (2.53) 19.04 (1.96) 19.62
   (4.04) 20.02 (4.79) 19.05 (2.54) 19.47 (2.16) 19.64 (1.38)
   Generation status (%)
   First 9.0 18.2 10.0 3.0 4.0 4.5 3.2 5.5 12.5
   Second 41.0 71.0 65.4 10.4 9.9 10.1 9.7 72.1 71.4
   Third or beyond 49.2 10.4 22.7 86.0 86.1 85.4 87.1 21.8 16.1
   Year in school (%)
   First 60.2 53.2 59.7 64.5 64.2 59.6 71.0 51.5 25.0
   Second 15.3 17.7 12.3 15.5 17.2 18.0 16.1 29.7 42.9
   Third 13.2 15.2 14.7 11.2 11.3 12.4 9.7 10.3 16.1
   Fourth or beyond 10.6 13.0 12.3 8.4 7.3 10.1 3.2 8.5 16.1
   Open in a separate window

   Note. For some groups, generation status and year in school percentages
   do not sum to 100 because of missing values.

Measures

   Participants completed a series of measures assessing perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of
   belonging to American culture, and basic demographics. All items were
   rated on a 5-point Likert-type scale (1 = strongly disagree to 5 =
   strongly agree). Table 2 shows arithmetic means, standard deviations,
   and Cronbach's alphas for all scales, and Table 3 shows correlations
   among measured variables.

TABLE 2

   Means, Standard Deviations, and Score Reliability for Measured
   Variables in Studies 1-3
   Ethnicity Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   All Asian Americans Latino/as European Americans All African Americans
   European Americans Latino/as Asian Americans
   Perceived discrimination
   M (SD) 2.64 (0.91) 3.00a (0.65) 3.51a (0.64) 1.96b (0.59) 3.17 (1.07)
   3.92a (0.59) 2.11b (0.58) 3.40 (0.69) 2.95 (0.53)
   [alpha] .90 .80 .80 .79 .93 .79 .73 .82 .66
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   M (SD) 2.16 (0.83) 2.71a (0.67) 2.65a (0.75) 1.57b (0.49) 2.01 (0.72)
   2.33a (0.64) 1.54b (0.55) 2.74 (0.73) 2.63 (0.72)
   [alpha] .93 .87 .88 .87 .90 .84 .84 .88 .88
   Identity conflict
   M (SD) 2.33 (0.84) 2.67 (0.80) 2.67 (0.88) 1.96 (0.65) 2.35 (0.86) 2.70
   (0.84) 1.84 (0.60) 2.56 (0.86) 2.64 (0.79)
   [alpha] .87 .82 .86 .84 .86 .82 .81 .86 .80
   Sense of belonging
   M (SD) 3.88 (0.78) 3.58 (0.64) 3.49 (0.76) 4.27 (.66) 3.79 (0.76) 3.46
   (0.68) 4.28 (0.60) 3.43 (0.69) 3.71 (0.61)
   [alpha] .87 .79 .84 .88 .84 .77 .86 .80 .74
   Depression
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 1.62 (0.43) 1.73 (0.37)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .87 .81
   Hope
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 6.29 (1.04) 6.21 (0.98)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .86 .83
   Life satisfaction
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 5.22 (1.16) 5.16 (1.08)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .84 .84
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Means in the same row that do not share subscripts differ at p <lt;
   .000001 in contrasts ([eta] = 1, 1, +/-2; Study 1) and t-test mean
   difference comparisons (Study 2).

TABLE 3

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for Latino/as and Asian Americans
   in Study 1
                                  Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging
   Perceived discrimination            ---          .46      .36     +/-.34
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype      .40          ---      .50     +/-.49
   Identity conflict                   .41          .55      ---     +/-.34
   Sense of belonging                 +/-.36      +/-.59    +/-.39     ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Correlations for Latino/as (N = 211) are below the diagonal, and
   correlations for Asian Americans (N = 231) are above the diagonal. All
   correlations significant at the p <lt; 0.01 level (two-tailed).

Perceived Discrimination

   To measure perceived discrimination, we used the Perceived
   Discrimination subscale (9 items) from the Scale of Ethnic Experience
   (Malcarne, Chavira, Fernandez, &amp; Liu, 2006). Sample items include: "In
   my life, I have experienced prejudice because of my ethnicity" and
   "Discrimination against my ethnic group is not a problem in America"
   (reverse scored).

Awareness of the Perpetual Foreigner Stereotype

   Thirteen items measured the extent to which participants believed they
   were perceived as a foreigner (as opposed to an American citizen) by
   others, without reference to the race or ethnicity of the perpetrator.
   Sample items include: "Sometimes people think I am a foreigner" and
   "Most people have difficulty viewing me as an American." These items
   were developed specifically for the present research and were generated
   using input from an ethnically diverse group of college students (see
   Appendix).

Perception of Identity Conflict

   Six items measured the extent to which participants experienced a
   conflict between their ethnic and national identities. Some of these
   items were modified from the conflict subscale of the Bicultural
   Identity Integration Scale-Version 1 (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005)
   to focus on national and ethnic identities (rather than on cultural
   identities) for this study. Sample items include: "I am conflicted
   between my ethnic and American identities" and "In some situations, I
   feel pressured to choose between my American and ethnic identities."

Sense of Belonging

   To measure participants' feelings of belonging to mainstream American
   society, we used the Mainstream Comfort subscale (6 items) from the
   Scale of Ethnic Experience (Malcarne et al., 2006). Sample items
   include: "I feel like I belong to mainstream American culture" and "I
   think of myself as a typical American."

PROCEDURE

   Participants were recruited through advertisements in the daily campus
   newspaper (paid) and the psychology department subject pool (unpaid).
   Paid respondents were given $15, and subject pool respondents received
   partial credit for an introductory psychology course for their
   participation in the study. All participants completed all
   questionnaires on a computer in small groups of up to 4. Computers were
   located in cubicles in a small lab setting, and there were screens
   between each computer desk for privacy. Measures were completed in the
   following order: awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, Scale of
   Ethnic Experience (including the perceived discrimination and sense of
   belonging subscales), and demographics.

RESULTS

   As expected, contrast analyses showed that European Americans (M =
   1.96, SD = 0.59) reported significantly lower perceived discrimination
   than Asian Americans (M = 3.00, SD = 0.65) and Latino/as (M = 3.51, SD
   = 0.64) in our sample; [lambda] = +/-2, 1, 1; t(833) = 30.19, p = 7.23
   x 10^+/-136, r[contrast] = .72, 95% CI: .70 to .76. Contrast analyses
   also showed that European Americans (M = 1.57, SD = 0.49) reported
   significantly lower awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   toward the self than Asian Americans (M = 2.71, SD = 0.67) and
   Latino/as (M = 2.65, SD = 0.75); [lambda] = +/-2, 1, 1; t(760.53) =
   26.42, p = 1.13 x 10^+/-109, r[contrast] = .68, 95% CI: .64 to .72. In
   sum, as compared to European Americans, ethnic minorities perceived
   more discrimination toward them and their ethnic group, and they were
   more aware that others perceive them as less American and more foreign.
   These findings are in line with previous research suggesting that
   ethnic minorities are indeed more aware that they are stereotyped as
   foreigners (Barlow et al., 2000; Cheryan &amp; Monin, 2005; Liang et al.,
   2004).

   Not only did European Americans report significantly lower perceived
   discrimination and awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype than
   Asian Americans and Latino/as in our sample (see Table 2), their
   arithmetic means were well below the midpoint of the scales. This
   suggests that perceived discrimination and the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype are not routinely experienced by members of this ethnic
   group. Because the goal of our study was to examine the relation
   between these two forms of ethnic discrimination and identity, we did
   not include European American participants in the following regression
   analyses.

   To test our hypothesis that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts the outcomes of interest above and beyond perceived
   discrimination, we conducted hierarchical regression analyses
   separately for Asian Americans and Latino/as (see Table 4 for
   regression results). Using data from Asian Americans only, we found
   that even after controlling for perceived discrimination, awareness of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant predictor of both
   perception of identity conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .14, F(1, 228) = 44.12, p
   = 2.24 x 10^+/-10, and lower sense of belonging to American culture,
   [Delta]R^2 = .14, F(1, 228) = 44.38, p = 2.00 x 10^+/-10. Likewise,
   using data from Latino/as only, we found that awareness of the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype significantly predicted perception of
   identity conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .18, F(1, 208) = 55.58, p = 2.38 x
   10^+/-12, and lower sense of belonging to American culture, [Delta]R^2
   = .24, F(1, 208) = 78.50, p = 3.60 x 10^+/-16, over and above perceived
   discrimination.

TABLE 4

   Summary of Regression Analyses for Studies 1-3
   Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   Asian Americans (N = 231) Latino/as (N = 211) African Americans (N =
   89) Latino/as (N = 165) Asian Americans (N = 56)
   Criterion: Identity conflict Perceived discrimination
   B 0.21 0.31 0.50 0.24 0.02
   SE B 0.08 0.08 0.14 0.10 0.18
   [beta] .17 .23 .35 .19 .02
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B 0.51 0.54 0.36 0.36 0.56
   SE B 0.08 0.07 0.13 0.09 0.14
   [beta] .42 .46 .27 .30 .51
   Criterion: Sense of belonging Perceived discrimination
   B +/-0.14 +/-0.17 +/-0.17 +/-0.16 0.09
   SE B 0.06 0.07 0.10 0.08 0.15
   [beta] +/-.14 +/-.15 +/-.15 +/-.15 .08
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B +/-0.41 +/-0.54 +/-0.55 +/-0.43 +/-0.37
   SE B 0.06 0.06 0.10 0.07 0.11
   [beta] +/-.43 +/-.53 +/-.51 +/-.46 +/-.43
   Criterion: Depression Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- 0.07 0.26
   SE B --- --- --- 0.05 0.09
   [beta] --- --- --- .11 .37
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- 0.10 0.07
   SE B --- --- --- 0.05 0.07
   [beta] --- --- --- .16^[dagger] .14
   Criterion: Hope Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- 0.09 0.07
   SE B --- --- --- 0.13 0.25
   [beta] --- --- --- .06 .04
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- +/-0.08 +/-0.43
   SE B --- --- --- 0.13 0.19
   [beta] --- --- --- +/-.06 +/-.32
   Criterion: Life satisfaction Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- +/-0.14 +/-0.82
   SE B --- --- --- 0.15 0.24
   [beta] +/-.09 +/-.41
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- +/-0.16 +/-0.42
   SE B --- --- --- 0.14 0.18
   [beta] --- --- --- +/-.10 +/-.28
   Open in a separate window

   Note.
   ^[dagger]p <lt; .10.

   Italicized; p <lt; .05. Underlined; p <lt; .01. Bolded; p <lt; .001.

STUDY 2

   Based on research on "exclusionary patriotism" (Sidanius &amp; Petrocik,
   2001), we would expect African Americans also to feel excluded from the
   national identity and marginalized from mainstream American society,
   relative to their European American counterparts. This sense of
   exclusion and marginalization may come in subtle forms, such as
   implying that African Americans are not typical Americans (even if most
   of them are not seen as foreigners in the common meaning of the term).
   Thus, to determine whether findings on Asian Americans and Latino/as in
   Study 1 extend to African Americans, we conducted Study 2.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 151 undergraduate students from the same large,
   public university on the West Coast of the United States. There were 89
   African Americans and 62 European Americans. The sample ranged in age
   from 18 to 45 years (M = 19.62, SD = 4.04), most of whom were college
   freshmen, and there were 111 (73.5%) women. All participants were
   American citizens, and most participants were third+ generation
   Americans. See Table 1 for complete participant demographics.

Measures

   Participants in Study 2 were administered the same measures as in Study
   1: perceived discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype, perception of conflict between ethnic and national
   identities, sense of belonging to American culture, and basic
   demographics. All items were rated on a 5-point Likert-type scale,
   ranging from 1 = strongly disagree to 5 = strongly agree. Table 2 shows
   arithmetic means, standard deviations, and Cronbach's alphas for all
   scales, and Table 5 shows correlations among measured variables.

TABLE 5

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for African Americans in Study 2
                                  Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging
   Perceived discrimination            ---          ---      ---       ---
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype      .17          ---      ---       ---
   Identity conflict                   .40          .33      ---       ---
   Sense of belonging                 +/-.24      +/-.54    +/-.19     ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. N = 89. Correlations significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed) are
   underlined; correlations significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed) are
   bolded.

Procedure

   Study 2 participants were recruited through the same methods as Study 1
   participants, and they completed the study in the same setting as Study
   1 participants. Measures were completed in the same order as in Study
   1.

RESULTS

   As expected, European Americans (M = 2.11, SD = 0.58) reported
   significantly lower perceived discrimination than African Americans (M
   = 3.92, SD = 0.59) in our sample, t(149) = 18.68, p = 7.25 x 10^+/-41,
   r = .84, 95% CI: .78 to .88 (see Table 2). In addition, European
   Americans (M = 1.54, SD = 0.55) reported significantly lower awareness
   of the perpetual foreigner stereotype toward the self than African
   Americans (M = 2.33, SD = 0.64); t(149) = 7.83, p = 8.33 x 10^+/-13, r
   = .54, 95% CI: .42 to .65. As in Study 1, we conducted hierarchical
   regression analyses to determine whether awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype among African Americans predicts the outcomes of
   interest above and beyond perceived discrimination (see Table 4 for
   regression results). We found that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype was a significant predictor of perception of identity
   conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .07, F(1, 86) = 8.12, p = .005, and lower sense
   of belonging to American culture, [Delta]R^2 = .26, F(1, 86) = 32.18, p
   = 1.85 x 10^+/-7, over and above perceived discrimination.

   Thus, results from Studies 1 and 2 suggest that for the three major
   American ethnic minority groups in our samples ---Asian Americans,
   Latino/as, and African Americans ---the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   is an important predictor of identity, such that participants who
   report that they are seen as perpetual foreigners also are more likely
   to perceive conflict between their national and ethnic identities and
   feel less comfortable in mainstream American culture, even when we
   control for perceived discrimination. In addition, although there is a
   reliable small-medium correlation between these two variables
   (awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype and perceived
   discrimination; see Tables 3 and and5)5) in these three samples, they
   each independently account for the identity outcomes of interest.

STUDY 3

   In addition to examining identity, we also wanted to determine whether
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype is an important predictor of
   psychological adjustment; thus, we conducted Study 3. Specifically, we
   were interested in whether awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts mental health (depression) and well-being (hope and
   life satisfaction) above and beyond perceived discrimination among
   Latino/as and Asian Americans.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 165 Latino/a and 56 Asian American undergraduate
   students from the same large, public university on the West Coast of
   the United States. Because of the relative difficulty of recruiting
   African American participants on the campus, we did not include this
   ethnic group in Study 3. The Latino/a sample ranged in age from 18 to
   32 years (M = 19.47, SD = 2.16), and the Asian American sample ranged
   in age from 18 to 24 years (M = 19.64, SD = 1.38). Most of both samples
   were college freshmen or sophomores. There were 104 (63.0%) Latinas and
   37 (66.1%) Asian American women. All participants were American
   citizens, and most of them were second+ generation Americans. See Table
   1 for complete participant demographics.

Measures

   In addition to completing the measures from Study 1 (perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of
   belonging to American culture, and basic demographics), participants in
   Study 3 completed measures of psychological adjustment: mental health
   (depression) and well-being (hope and life satisfaction). Table 2 shows
   arithmetic means, standard deviations, and Cronbach's alphas for all
   scales, and Table 6 shows correlations among measured variables for
   both samples.

TABLE 6

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for Study 3
   Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging Depression Hope
   Satisfaction
   Perceived discrimination --- .30 .17 +/-.05 .41 +/-.06 +/-.49
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype .47 --- .52 +/-.41 .25 +/-.30 +/-.40
   Identity conflict .33 .39 --- +/-.22 .26 +/-.25 +/-.18
   Sense of belonging +/-.37 +/-.53 +/-.38 --- +/-.14 .27 .37
   Depression .18 .21 .22 +/-.17 --- +/-.37 +/-.46
   Hope .03 +/-.03 +/-.05 .10 +/-.45 --- .53
   Satisfaction +/-.13 +/-.14 +/-.07 .10 +/-.53 .61 ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Correlations for Latino/as (N = 165) are below the diagonal, and
   correlations for Asian Americans (N = 56) are above the diagonal.
   Correlations significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed) are underlined;
   correlations significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed) are bolded.

Depression

   We used the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (20
   items; Radloff, 1977) to assess depression symptoms, including
   depressive feelings and behaviors. Respondents were asked to rate their
   level of depressive symptomatology during the previous 7 days,
   including the day of the study, on a 4-point Likert-type scale, 1 =
   rarely or none of the time (<lt; 1 day) to 4 = most or all of the time
   (5-7 days). Sample items include: "I was bothered by things that
   usually don't bother me" and "I felt sad."

Hope

   Six items of the State Hope Scale measured the extent to which
   participants felt hopeful (sense of agency or "belief in one's capacity
   to initiate and sustain actions" and pathways to reach goals or "belief
   in one's capacity to generate routes") about their lives currently
   (Snyder et al., 1996, p. 321). Respondents were asked to rate the items
   on an 8-point Likert-type scale (1 = definitely false to 8 = definitely
   true). Sample items include: "At the present time, I am energetically
   pursuing my goals" (agency) and "There are lots of ways around any
   problem that I am facing now" (pathways).

Life Satisfaction

   Five items from the Satisfaction With Life Scale measured the extent to
   which participants feel satisfied with their lives currently (Diener,
   Emmons, Larsen, &amp; Griffin, 1985). Respondents were asked to rate the
   items on a 7-point Likert-type scale (1 = strongly disagree to 7 =
   strongly agree). Sample items include: "In most ways my life is close
   to my ideal" and "I am satisfied with my life."

Procedure

   Study 3 participants were recruited through the same methods as Study 1
   participants, and they completed the study in the same setting as Study
   1 participants. The psychological adjustment measures were randomized
   in this study, and they were administered after the discrimination and
   identity measures, before the basic demographics.

RESULTS

   Replicating our Study 1 results with Latino/as and Asian Americans, we
   found that even after controlling for perceived discrimination,
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant
   predictor of perception of identity conflict and lower sense of
   belonging for both groups in Study 3 (see Table 4 for regression
   results).

   Furthermore, we found that for Latino/as, awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype was a marginal predictor of depression over and
   above perceived discrimination, [Delta]R^2 = .02, F(1, 162) = 3.53, p =
   .06. Contrary to our hypothesis, awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype did not significantly predict hope, [Delta]R^2 = .003, F(1,
   162) = 0.45, p = .50, or life satisfaction, [Delta]R^2 = .008, F(1,
   162) = 1.40, p = .24, above and beyond perceived discrimination for
   Latino/as.

   For Asian Americans, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   was not a significant predictor of depression over and above perceived
   discrimination, [Delta]R^2 = .02, F(1, 53) = 1.09, p = .30. However, it
   significantly predicted hope, [Delta]R^2 = .09, F(1, 53) = 5.31, p =
   .03, and life satisfaction, [Delta]R^2 = .07, F(1, 53) = 5.47, p = .03,
   above and beyond perceived discrimination for Asian Americans.

   In summary, results from Study 3 suggest that for Asian Americans and
   Latino/as, the perpetual foreigner stereotype is a predictor of
   different types of psychological adjustment. In particular,
   participants who report that they are seen as perpetual foreigners
   report more depressive symptoms (for Latino/as), and lower hope and
   lower life satisfaction (for Asian Americans), even when we control for
   perceived discrimination.

DISCUSSION

   The present research sought to systematically document ethnic
   minorities' awareness of being stereotyped as perpetual foreigners and
   examine the links between this awareness, identity, and psychological
   adjustment. Together, our studies demonstrate that to various degrees,
   ethnic minorities but not European Americans perceive that they are the
   targets of the perpetual foreigner stereotype, and that this subtle
   form of exclusion is linked to ethnic minorities' identity and some
   types of psychological adjustment. Specifically, as predicted, Asian
   Americans (Study 1), Latino/as (Study 1), and African Americans (Study
   2) report significantly higher awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype toward them than do European Americans (Studies 1 and 2).^1
   Also as hypothesized, variations in the awareness of being stereotyped
   as a foreigner is associated with perceptions of conflict between an
   individual's ethnic and national identities, even after controlling for
   perceived discrimination, providing evidence of incremental validity
   for the perpetual foreigner construct (Studies 1-3). Asian Americans,
   Latino/as, and African Americans who perceive that they are not seen as
   Americans by others report experiencing greater tension between their
   ethnic and national identities than those who are less cognizant of
   these perceptions. As was shown in research on bicultural identity
   integration (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005), it may be more
   difficult for some members of an ethnic minority group to incorporate
   their national and ethnic cultures into a cohesive sense of self. These
   results may have implications for social identity complexity theory
   (Roccas &amp; Brewer, 2002), which suggests that the less a person
   perceives the different groups to which he/she belongs as being similar
   to each other, the more complex his/her social identity will be. The
   current findings suggest that some ethnic minorities' awareness of
   being perceived as foreigners may contribute to the perception that
   their ethnic and national identities are dissimilar and even
   incompatible, thereby forcing them to maintain a more complex social
   identity. This could be a source of conflict for these individuals, who
   may have to choose between their ethnic and national identities
   (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005). Compared with European Americans,
   whose American identity is readily recognized, members of ethnic
   minority groups, who are cognizant that their American identity is
   viewed skeptically by others, experience significantly more tensions in
   their efforts to form a unified and integrated identity.

   The awareness of being perceived as a foreigner also is associated with
   weakened sense of belonging in America (Studies 1-3). As hypothesized,
   the extent to which an individual is aware of being viewed as a
   foreigner is highly correlated with his/her inability to feel part of
   the national identity, even after controlling for perceived
   discrimination. Some ethnic minorities, aware of the stereotypes
   against them, may be led to question whether or not they truly belong
   in the United States. If fellow Americans treat them as outsiders or as
   if they do not represent that which is American, how can minority group
   members be expected to see themselves as American? These findings
   support the idea that many ethnic minorities see mainstream American
   culture as generally meaning White and thus feel excluded from the
   national identity (see also Phinney et al., 1997). Consequently, Asian
   Americans', Latino/as', and African Americans' awareness of being
   perceived as not American may ultimately inhibit their ability to feel
   like they belong in America or lead to a relative dis-identification
   with mainstream American culture. These findings may have implications
   for ethnic minority group participation in civic life, including
   voting, volunteerism, military service, and other aspects of citizen
   involvement, all of which are bolstered by a sense of identification
   with the group (in this case, the American identity). Perceiving
   exclusion in the form of the perpetual foreigner stereotype may
   discourage some ethnic minorities from actively participating in
   American society.

   In addition to the strong correlations between ethnic minorities'
   awareness of being stereotyped and their identity, their subjective
   experiences with the perpetual foreigner stereotype are moderately
   linked to adjustment. As expected, ethnic minorities who are more aware
   of the perpetual foreigner stereotype tend to report greater depression
   (for Latino/as, Study 3) and lower hope or life-satisfaction (for Asian
   Americans, Study 3), even after controlling for perceived
   discrimination, providing further evidence for the incremental validity
   of the perpetual foreigner construct.^2 It should be emphasized that
   the patterns of associations between the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and adjustment are different for Latino/as and Asian Americans. It is
   possible that the perpetual foreigner stereotype operates differently
   for these two groups. For example, American history ---with wars in
   Japan, Korea, and Viet Nam, and fears of the yellow peril with regard
   to Chinese immigrants ---is rife with conceptions of Asians (and thus
   Asian Americans) as foreign and dangerous enemies (Takaki, 1998).
   Conversely, the messages regarding the foreign-ness of Latino/as are
   mixed. Although some Latino/as are racially White, and some have
   ancestors who lived on this land before the United States was founded,
   the recent immigration debates have focused on Latino/as, often
   labeling them as illegal aliens. It is also possible that adjustment
   and well-being are expressed and reported differently by Latino/as and
   Asian Americans. For example, some Asian Americans may find that it is
   more culturally acceptable to experience depression psychosomatically
   and to report physical problems than it is to report symptoms of
   depression (Chun, Enomoto, &amp; Sue, 1996; U.S. Department of Health and
   Human Services, 2001).

   Overall, our findings are in line with the racial microaggressions
   perspective, which suggests that subtle forms of racism, such as being
   perceived by others as foreigners even when one identifies as American,
   may be detrimental to the victim's psychological adjustment (Sue,
   Capodilupo, et al., 2007). American ethnic minorities who feel that
   they are frequently perceived as foreigners and denied their ingroup
   status may feel conflicted about their national identity and have a
   sense of cultural homelessness, which in turn can lead to poorer
   overall psychological adjustment. That is, these feelings of conflict
   and exclusion may cause ethnic minorities to experience depression
   symptoms, lose hope, and become less satisfied overall with their
   lives. These findings may also be interpreted in the reverse direction:
   individuals who have lower overall well-being (experience more identity
   conflict and lower sense of belonging, more depressive symptoms, feel
   more hopeless about life, and have lower life satisfaction) also
   perceive less acceptance from mainstream American society, or have a
   generally more negative outlook on life. Thus, they also report more
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype. More research is
   needed to determine the complex causal pathways among these variables.

   Another way in which exposure to the perpetual foreigner stereotype may
   negatively impact ethnic minorities' psychological adjustment can be
   viewed in light of research on stigma consciousness (Pinel, 1999).
   According to this theoretical framework, individuals or groups that
   regularly contend with stereotypical or prejudicial reactions have
   higher expectations of being the target of these types of responses
   than groups that do not. Similarly, ethnic minorities who are
   frequently reminded of their perpetual foreigner status may come to
   expect to be stereotyped in this manner. Our findings highlight the
   potentially deleterious effects of such expectations, even when the
   stereotypical or prejudicial reactions are relatively subtle and
   ambiguous in nature.

LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS

   Despite the ethnic diversity of the samples in these studies, all
   studies used data from undergraduate university students, who represent
   only a small sub-set of the American population. However, it can be
   argued that if effects of the perpetual foreigner stereotype can be
   seen among a well-educated, successful population of individuals, the
   phenomenon may be even more magnified in other sub-sets of the American
   population. These other sub-sets should be sampled in order to
   determine their level of awareness of being denied the American
   identity, and whether such awareness is predictive of identity
   conflict, a lowered sense of belonging to mainstream America, and poor
   psychological adjustment, as it is for Asian American, Latino/a, and
   African American undergraduate students.

   A second limitation of the current research is its correlational
   nature. Despite establishing the predictive validity (in the regression
   sense) of the perpetual foreigner stereotype, it is impossible based on
   the present set of findings to make claims as to whether one's
   awareness of being seen as a foreigner is the cause of internal
   conflict, a lowered sense of belonging to mainstream America, and poor
   psychological adjustment. Future experimental or longitudinal research
   is needed to establish this causal relationship. In addition, future
   studies should examine moderators, such as ethnic identity, social
   support, and ethnic and mainstream American social networks, that may
   serve as buffers in the negative link between individuals' awareness of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype and their psychological well-being.

CONCLUSION

   Equality is a core American value, yet when ethnic minorities perceive
   that their national identity is being denied via marginalizing comments
   (e.g., You speak English so well), they are being told that they are
   not as American as European Americans, whose "Americanness" is not
   called into question. Thus, comments and behaviors that subtly alienate
   ethnic minorities may perpetuate the commonly held belief (implicit and
   explicit) that Americanness is Whiteness (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Phinney
   et al., 1997). Although the intentions of the perpetrator are unknown,
   our studies show the importance of the target's perception of such
   exclusionary experiences. We have demonstrated that these repeated
   experiences of marginalization, although subtle, are linked to
   important psychological outcomes for the targets. Specifically, the
   most important contribution of the present studies is the
   identification of the potential impact of the awareness of the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype on one's identity and psychological
   adjustment. Our results suggest that the simple awareness of being seen
   as less American may influence an individual's adjustment and the way
   he/she perceives him/herself. In addition to establishing a foundation
   upon which to further examine the potentially negative consequences of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype for ethnic minorities, the present
   research provides insight into how an underlying exclusionary national
   mindset may have nontrivial implications for minority groups' identity
   and well-being.

Acknowledgments

   This research was supported in part by National Institute of Mental
   Health Grants R24 MH 065515 and 3R24 MH 065515-06S1.

APPENDIX

Awareness of the Perpetual Foreigner Stereotype Scale

    1. Most people see me as an American.*
    2. Most people have difficulty viewing me as an American.
    3. I do not fit what people have in mind when they think of a typical
       American.
    4. Due to my ethnicity, people sometimes assume I am not American.
    5. Sometimes people think I am a foreigner.
    6. Based on my physical appearance, people assume I am American.*
    7. Because of how I speak, people sometimes think I am not a U.S.
       citizen.
    8. Sometimes people interpret what I do or say as if I was not
       American.
    9. When people look at me, they see a foreigner.
   10. My ethnic heritage sometimes disqualifies me as American.
   11. People sometimes ask me where I am from.
   12. People sometimes ask me how I speak English so well.
   13. I have to work harder than most people to be accepted as American.

Footnotes

   ^1In absolute terms, Latino/as (Studies 1 and 3) and African Americans
   reported relatively high rates of perceived discrimination, with group
   means well above the midpoint of the rating scale, suggesting that on
   average, they tend to perceive discrimination toward themselves and
   their group. However, none of the group means on the perpetual
   foreigner scale were above the midpoint. Thus, in absolute terms, none
   of the groups in Studies 1-3 reported being treated as perpetual
   foreigners to a great extent. Participants also reported low identity
   conflict (group means below the midpoint across the 3 studies) and high
   sense of belonging (group means above the midpoint across the 3
   studies). In terms of adjustment, Latino/a, and Asian American
   participants in Study 3 were relatively hopeful and satisfied with
   their lives (group means above the midpoint) and reported relatively
   few depression symptoms (group means below the midpoint).

   ^2In previous research, perceived discrimination predicted depression
   symptoms for Latino/as (e.g., Romero &amp; Roberts, 2003; Smokowski &amp;
   Bacallao, 2007); however, it was not a significant predictor of
   depression symptoms in Study 3 reported here. There may be important
   differences between our sample and the samples of Latino/as studied in
   previous research that may account for the difference in findings. For
   example, researchers have found that English language competence is
   another important predictor of fewer depression symptoms for Latino/a
   youth (e.g., Rumbaut, 1995). Because our sample consists of college
   students, they may be more competent in English than the adolescents
   typically studied in previous research, and this language competency
   may buffer the negative impact of perceived discrimination on
   depression symptoms for our sample.

   Note. Items marked with an asterisk (*) are reverse-scored.

Contributor Information

   QUE-LAM HUYNH, San Diego State University.

   THIERRY DEVOS, San Diego State University.

   LAURA SMALARZ, Iowa State University.

References

     * Adams V, Rand K, Kahle K, Snyder C, Berg C, King E, et al. African
       Americans' hope and coping with racism stressors. In: Jacoby R,
       Keinan G, editors. Between stress and hope: From a disease-centered
       to a health-centered perspective. Westport, CT: Praeger/Greenwood;
       2003. pp. 235-249. [Google Scholar]
     * Asamen JK, Berry GL. Self-concept, alienation, and perceived
       prejudice: Implications for counseling Asian Americans. Journal of
       Multicultural Counseling and Development. 1987;15:146-160. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Barlow KM, Taylor DM, Lambert WE. Ethnicity in America and feeling
       "American" Journal of Psychology. 2000;134:581-600. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Benet-Martinez V, Haritatos J. Bicultural identity integration
       (BII): Components and psychosocial antecedents. Journal of
       Personality. 2005;73:1015-1050. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Cheryan S, Monin B. "Where are you really from?": Asian Americans
       and identity denial. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
       2005;89:717-730. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Chun C-A, Enomoto K, Sue S. Health care issues among Asian
       Americans: Implications of somatization. In: Kato PM, Mann T,
       editors. Handbook of diversity issues in health psychology. New
       York: PlenumPress; 1996. pp. 439-467. [Google Scholar]
     * Devos T, Banaji MR. American = White? Journal of Personality and
       Social Psychology. 2005;88:447-466. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Devos T, Gavin K, Quintana FJ. Say "Adios" to the American Dream?
       The interplay between ethnic and national identity among Latino and
       Caucasian Americans. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority
       Psychology. 2010;16:37-49. [PMC free article] [PubMed] [Google
       Scholar]
     * Devos T, Heng L. Whites are granted the American identity more
       swiftly than Asians: Disentangling the role of automatic and
       controlled processes. Social Psychology. 2009;40:192-201. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Devos T, Ma DS. Is Kate Winslet more American than Lucy Liu? The
       impact of construal processes on the implicit ascription of a
       national identity. British Journal of Social Psychology.
       2008;47:191-215. [PMC free article] [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Diener E, Emmons RA, Larsen RJ, Griffin S. The satisfaction with
       life scale. Journal of Personality Assessment. 1985;49:71-75.
       [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Klonoff EA, Landrine H. Cross-validation of the schedule of racist
       events. Journal of Black Psychology. 1999;25:231-254. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Klonoff EA, Landrine H, Ullman JB. Racial discrimination and
       psychiatric symptoms among Blacks. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic
       Minority Psychology. 1999;5:329-339. [Google Scholar]
     * Levin S, Van Laar C, Foote W. Ethnic segregation and perceived
       discrimination in college: Mutual influences and effects on social
       and academic life. Journal of Applied Social Psychology.
       2006;36:1471-1501. [Google Scholar]
     * Liang CTH, Li LC, Kim BSK. The Asian American racism-related stress
       inventory: Development, factor analysis, reliability, and validity.
       Journal of Counseling Psychology. 2004;51:103-114. [Google Scholar]
     * Liebkind K, Jasinskaja-Lahti I, Solheim E. Cultural identity,
       perceived discrimination, and parental support as determinants of
       immigrants' school adjustments: Vietnamese youth in Finland.
       Journal of Adolescent Research. 2004;19:635-656. [Google Scholar]
     * Malcarne VL, Chavira DA, Fernandez S, Liu PJ. The scale of ethnic
       experience: Development and psychometric properties. Journal of
       Personality Assessment. 2006;86:150-161. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Neto F. Satisfaction with life among adolescents from immigrant
       families in Portugal. Journal of Youth and Adolescence.
       2001;30:53-67. [Google Scholar]
     * Phinney JS, Cantu CL, Kurtz DA. Ethnic and American identity as
       predictors of self-esteem among African American, Latino, and White
       adolescents. Journal of Youth and Adolescence. 1997;26:165-185.
       [Google Scholar]
     * Pieterse AL, Carter RT. An examination of the relationship between
       general life stress, racism-related stress, and psychological
       health among black men. Journal of Counseling Psychology.
       2007;54:101-109. [Google Scholar]
     * Pinel EC. Stigma consciousness: The psychological legacy of social
       stereotypes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
       1999;76:114-128. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Radloff LS. The CES-D scale: A self report depression scale for
       research in the general population. Applied Psychological
       Measurement. 1977;1:385-401. [Google Scholar]
     * Roccas S, Brewer M. Social identity complexity. Personality and
       Social Psychology Review. 2002;6:88-106. [Google Scholar]
     * Romero AJ, Roberts RE. Stress within a bicultural context for
       adolescents of Mexican descent. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic
       Minority Psychology. 2003;9:171-184. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Rumbaut RG. The new Californians: Comparative research findings on
       the educational progress of immigrant children. In: Rumbaut RG,
       Cornelius WA, editors. California's immigrant children: Theory,
       research, and implications for educational policy. San Diego, CA:
       Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies; 1995. pp. 17-69. [Google Scholar]
     * Rydell RJ, Hamilton DL, Devos T. Now they are American, now they
       are not: Valence as a determinant of the inclusion of African
       Americans in the American identity. Social Cognition.
       2010;28:161-179. [Google Scholar]
     * Sam DL. Satisfaction with life among international students: An
       exploratory study. Social Indicators Research. 2001;53:315-337.
       [Google Scholar]
     * Sidanius J, Feshbach S, Levin S, Pratto F. The interface between
       ethnic and national attachment: Ethnic pluralism or ethnic
       dominance? Public Opinion Quarterly. 1997;61:102-133. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Sidanius J, Petrocik JR. Communal and national identity in a
       multiethnic state: A comparison of three perspectives. In: Ashmore
       RD, Jussim L, Wilder D, editors. Social identity, intergroup
       conflict, and conflict resolution. Oxford: Oxford University Press;
       2001. pp. 101-129. [Google Scholar]
     * Smith WA, Allen WR, Danley LL. "Assume the position... You fit the
       description": Psychosocial experiences and racial battle fatigue
       among African American male college students. American Behavioral
       Scientist. 2007;51:551-578. [Google Scholar]
     * Smokowski PR, Bacallao ML. Acculturation, Internalizing mental
       health symptoms, and self-esteem: Cultural experiences of Latino
       adolescents in North Carolina. Child Psychiatry and Human
       Development. 2007;37:273-292. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Snyder CR, Sympson SC, Ybasco FC, Borders TF, Babyak MA, Higgins
       RL. Development and validation of the State Hope Scale. Journal of
       Personality and Social Psychology. 1996;70:321-335. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Solorzano D, Ceja M, Yosso T. Critical race theory, racial
       microaggressions, and campus racial climate: The experiences of
       African American college students. Journal of Negro Education.
       2000;69:60-73. [Google Scholar]
     * Sue DW, Bucceri J, Lin AI, Nadal KL, Torino GC. Racial
       microaggressions and the Asian American experience. Cultural
       Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology. 2007;13:72-81. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Sue DW, Capodilupo CM, Torino GC, Bucceri JM, Holder AMB, Nadal KL,
       Esquilin M. Racial microaggressions in everyday life: Implications
       for clinical practice. American Psychologist. 2007;62:271-286.
       [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Takaki R. A larger memory: A history of our diversity, with voices.
       Boston: Little, Brown and Company; 1998. [Google Scholar]
     * U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Mental health:
       Culture, race, and ethnicity ---A supplement to Mental health: A
       report of the surgeon general. Rockville, MD: U.S. Department of
       Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health
       Services Administration, Center for Mental Health Services; 2001.
       Retrieved January 17, 2011 from
       http://www.surgeongeneral.gov/library/mentalhealth/cre/sma-01-3613.
       pdf. [Google Scholar]
     * Vohra N, Adair J. Life satisfaction of Indian immigrants in Canada.
       Psychology and Developing Societies. 2000;12:109-138. [Google
       Scholar]

Other Formats

     * PubReader
     * PDF (341K)

Actions

     * (BUTTON) Cite
     * Favorites

Share

     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
       Permalink
       https://www.ncbi.nlm (BUTTON) Copy

RESOURCES

     * (BUTTON) Similar articles
     * (BUTTON) Cited by other articles
     * (BUTTON) Links to NCBI Databases

   (BUTTON) [x]
   Cite
   (BUTTON) Copy Download .nbib .nbib
   Format: [NLM]

   Follow NCBI

   Connect with NLM
     *
     *
     *

   National Library of Medicine
   8600 Rockville Pike
   Bethesda, MD 20894

   Web Policies
   FOIA
   HHS Vulnerability Disclosure

   Help
   Accessibility
   Careers
     * NLM
     * NIH
     * HHS
     * USA.gov
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-32">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N8H44QX

   Skip to main content
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Book a reservation (BUTTON) ReservationsWine Shop
   (BUTTON) Search (BUTTON) Sign upLog in
   1 / 10
   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   View all 10 photos
   1 / 10

The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience

   Winter Park, FL · $$
   (BUTTON)

   The Foreigner provides its guests a multi-course omakase/menu confiance
   style dinner, with an opportunity to live the inner workings of an
   active kitchen. Such dinner experience can be as interactive as you,
   the guest, choose for it to be. We invite you to join Chef Bruno
   Fonseca and team. The dinners will take place on different venues
   throughout greater Orlando.
   As Foreigner (the restaurant) builds in beautiful Audubon Park -
   Corrine Dr , Bruno and team, continue to serve dinners for 12...
   (BUTTON)

   + More

More information

   The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience
   1152 Harmon Ave
   The Heavy
   Winter Park, FL 32789
   theforeignerexperience.com

Private Events

   If you are interested in learning more about our offerings, please fill
   out the request form and we will contact you to discuss details.
   Request information

Reservations are unavailable.

   The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience is not currently accepting
   reservations on Tock. Please check again soon.

Buy a Tock gift card

   Give a whole world of experiences, events, and wineries.
   Learn more

Download the Tock app

   Everything you love about Tock is now just a tap away.
   Download it now

Use Tock at your business

   Curious about our reservation and table management system?
   Learn more
   Tock home page
     * About
     * Support
     * Careers
     * Terms
     * Privacy

     * Instagram
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Facebook

   Explore Tock®    © 2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-33">
<text>
   #GitHub

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   Sign up
   (BUTTON)

     * (BUTTON) Product
          + Actions
            Automate any workflow
          + Packages
            Host and manage packages
          + Security
            Find and fix vulnerabilities
          + Codespaces
            Instant dev environments
          + Copilot
            Write better code with AI
          + Code review
            Manage code changes
          + Issues
            Plan and track work
          + Discussions
            Collaborate outside of code
          + Explore
          + All features
          + Documentation
          + GitHub Skills
          + Blog
     * (BUTTON) Solutions
          + For
          + Enterprise
          + Teams
          + Startups
          + Education
          + By Solution
          + CI/CD &amp; Automation
          + DevOps
          + DevSecOps
          + Case Studies
          + Customer Stories
          + Resources
     * (BUTTON) Open Source
          + GitHub Sponsors
            Fund open source developers
          + The ReadME Project
            GitHub community articles
          + Repositories
          + Topics
          + Trending
          + Collections
     * Pricing

   ____________________
     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵

     * No suggested jump to results

     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵
     * In this user All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵
     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵

   Sign in
   Sign up

   (BUTTON)
   {{ message }}

   matthuhiggins / foreigner Public
     * Notifications
     * Fork 125
     * Star 1.3k (BUTTON)

   Adds foreign key helpers to migrations and correctly dumps foreign keys
   to schema.rb
   www.strictlyuntyped.com

License

   MIT license
   1.3k stars 125 forks
   Star (BUTTON)
   Notifications

     * Code
     * Issues 2
     * Pull requests 2
     * Actions
     * Projects 0
     * Wiki
     * Security
     * Insights

   More
     * Code
     * Issues
     * Pull requests
     * Actions
     * Projects
     * Wiki
     * Security
     * Insights

matthuhiggins/foreigner

   This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may
   belong to a fork outside of the repository.
   master

   Switch branches/tags (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Branches (BUTTON) Tags
   Could not load branches
   Nothing to show
   {{ refName }} default

   View all branches
   Could not load tags
   Nothing to show
   {{ refName }} default

   View all tags

Name already in use

   (BUTTON)
   A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands
   accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause
   unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?

   (BUTTON) Cancel (BUTTON) Create
   2 branches 7 tags
   Code
     * (BUTTON) Local
     * (BUTTON) Codespaces

     * Clone
       (button) HTTPS (button) GitHub CLI
       https://github.com/m
       Use Git or checkout with SVN using the web URL.
       gh repo clone matthu
       Work fast with our official CLI. Learn more.
     * Open with GitHub Desktop
     * Download ZIP

Sign In Required

   Please sign in to use Codespaces.

Launching GitHub Desktop

   If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching GitHub Desktop

   If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching Xcode

   If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching Visual Studio Code

   Your codespace will open once ready.

   There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.

Latest commit

   @matthuhiggins
   matthuhiggins Merge pull request #178 from f3ndot/patch-1
   (BUTTON) …
   0496762 Nov 21, 2016
   Merge pull request #178 from f3ndot/patch-1
Update README to say foreigner is obsolete in Rails 4.2

   0496762

Git stats

     * 285 commits

Files

   Permalink
   Failed to load latest commit information.
   Type
   Name
   Latest commit message
   Commit time
   ci


   lib


   test


   .gitignore


   .travis.yml


   CHANGELOG.md


   Gemfile


   MIT-LICENSE


   README.md


   Rakefile


   foreigner.gemspec


   (BUTTON) View code
   Foreigner Installation API Examples Change Table Methods
   Database-specific options Foreigner Add-ons License

README.md

Foreigner

   Build Status Code Climate

   Foreigner introduces a few methods to your migrations for adding and
   removing foreign key constraints. It also dumps foreign keys to
   schema.rb.

   The following adapters are supported:
     * mysql2
     * postgres
     * sqlite (foreign key methods are a no-op)

   Foreigner was rendered obsolete in Rails 4.2. The migration DSL
   supports foreign keys out of the box via add_foreign_key and
   remove_foreign_key.

Installation

   Add the following to your Gemfile:
gem 'foreigner'

API Examples

   Foreigner adds two methods to migrations.
     * add_foreign_key(from_table, to_table, options)
     * remove_foreign_key(from_table, to_table, options)

   (Options are documented in
   connection_adapters/abstract/schema_statements.rb):

   For example, given the following model:
class Comment <lt; ActiveRecord::Base
  belongs_to :post
end

class Post <lt; ActiveRecord::Base
  has_many :comments, dependent: :delete_all
end

   You should add a foreign key in your migration:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts)

   The :dependent option can be moved from the has_many definition to the
   foreign key:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, dependent: :delete)

   If the column is named article_id instead of post_id, use the :column
   option:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, column: 'article_id')

   A name can be specified for the foreign key constraint:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, name: 'comment_article_foreign_key')

   The :column and :name options create a foreign key with a custom name.
   In order to remove it you need to specify :name:
remove_foreign_key(:comments, name: 'comment_article_foreign_key')

Change Table Methods

   Foreigner adds extra methods to create_table and change_table.

   Create a new table with a foreign key:
create_table :products do |t|
  t.string :name
  t.integer :factory_id
  t.foreign_key :factories
end

   Add a missing foreign key to comments:
change_table :comments do |t|
  t.foreign_key :posts, dependent: :delete
end

   Remove an unwanted foreign key:
change_table :comments do |t|
  t.remove_foreign_key :users
end

Database-specific options

   Database-specific options will never be supported by foreigner. You can
   add them using :options:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, options: 'ON UPDATE DEFERRED')

Foreigner Add-ons

     * immigrant - generate a migration that includes all missing foreign
       keys.
     * sqlserver-foreigner - A plugin for SQL Server.

License

   Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Higgins, released under the MIT license

About

   Adds foreign key helpers to migrations and correctly dumps foreign keys
   to schema.rb
   www.strictlyuntyped.com

Resources

   Readme

License

   MIT license

Stars

   1.3k stars

Watchers

   23 watching

Forks

   125 forks

Releases 3

   v1.7.3 Latest
   Mar 30, 2015
   + 2 releases

Packages 0

   No packages published

Used by 3.1k

     * @bhicks8364
     * @kb-dk
     * @liaoyyer
     * @saheedgw
     * @norbajunior
     * @shijiancug
     * @Bastian-Gonzalez
     * @Oritz

   + 3,117

Contributors 28

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   + 17 contributors

Languages

     * Ruby 99.0%
     * Logos 1.0%

Footer

   © 2023 GitHub, Inc.

Footer navigation

     * Terms
     * Privacy
     * Security
     * Status
     * Docs
     * Contact GitHub
     * Pricing
     * API
     * Training
     * Blog
     * About

   (BUTTON) You can’t perform that action at this time.

   You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your
   session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh
   your session.

   (BUTTON)
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-34">
<text>
   #alternate

Ministry of the interior of the Czech Republic

Go

     * Go to content |
     * Go to main menu |
     * Go to submenu

   Search ____________________ ok

   Quick menu [Quick menu________________]

   Modern Administration
     __________________________________________________________________

   Quick links: Sitemap Text version Česky Fulltext search
     __________________________________________________________________


Main menu

     * Home
     * About Us
          + News
          + Vision
          + Mission
          + Organisation
          + Minister of the Interior
     * Scope of activities
          + Public Administration
          + Asylum, Migration, Integration
          + Firearms and Ammunition
          + eGovernment
          + Archives
          + Crisis Psychology
          + Archive Magazine / Archivzeitschrift
     * Useful Information
          + Forms
          + Miscellaneous citizen advice
          + Invalid documents
          + Documents and Reports
          + Immigration
          + Информация для иностранных граждан
     * EU
          + Agenda of the EU at the Ministry of the Interior
          + EU Funds and Programmes
          + European Migration Network
          + Schengen (English)
          + Schengen (Deutsch)
          + Elections to the European Parliament 2009
          + The Salzburg Forum
     * Links
          + Ministries and Governmental Offices
          + President, Parliament and Courts
          + Public Administration Portal, EU links
     * Contacts
          + Ministry of the Interior
          + Foreign Police and offices for residency
          + Emergency Numbers

     __________________________________________________________________

     __________________________________________________________________

Drobečková navigace

   Home Page / Useful Information / Immigration
     __________________________________________________________________

Immigration

Immigration

   PLEASE NOTE: In connection with the amendment to the Act on the
   Residence of Foreigners effective from August 2nd, 2021, the website is
   currently under construction and is being continuously updated. Thank
   you for your understanding.
                                      -
    Česky

   UA_iko.jpg  Information for citizens of Ukraine
   BASIC INFORMATION
     * Status of your application
     * EU citizens and their family members
          + BREXIT
     * Third-country nationals
          + Adaptation - integration courses
     * International protection
     * I am Foreigner and need help
     * Information Publications for Foreigners
     * Contacts

   OTHER INFORMATION
     * Information for education providers and students
     * Information for employers
     * Information for accommodation providers

                                      -
   OPERATIONAL NOTICE - Operation of the Ministry of the Interior (Asylum
   and Migration Policy Department)
   IMPORTANT NOTICES
     * FREE LEGAL SERVICES FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION APPLICANTS
       Based on the mutual contract between the Ministry of the Interior
       and the Law firm Volopich, Tomšíček &amp; spol., s. r. o., applicants
       for international protection can now utilise the option of free
       legal services (pdf, 408 kB).
     * WARNING
       The services provided by MoI offices are no more restricted.
       Applications for residence permits must be submitted within the
       time limits prescribed by the law since all restrictions on the MoI
       services have been lifted.
       УВАГА
       Графік роботи відділів Департаменту з питань притулку та
       міграційної політики (ОАМП МВ ЧР) вже жодним чином не обмежен.
       Заяви на отримання дозволу на проживання мають бути подані у
       встановлені законодавством терміни, перешкоду у вигляді обмеженного
       графіку роботи робочих місць ОАМП МВ ЧР було усунуто.
     * INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION
       Based on an extraordinary measure of the Health Security Department
       of the Ministry of the Interior, for the lodging of applications
       for international protection on the territory of the Czech Republic
       from Saturday February19^th, 2022 competent only the Reception
       Centre Zastávka.
       Address of Reception Centre Zastávka is Havířská 514 664 84,
       Zastávka, Brno - venkov; Telephone 00420 546 411 130.
     * CHANGES TO THE ACT ON THE RESIDENCE OF FOREIGNERS
       An overview of changes to the Act on the Residence of Foreigners
       with effect from August 2^nd, 2021 can be found HERE (pdf, 390 kB).
     * CZECH LANGUAGE EXAM - A2
       From September 1^st, 2021 the level of the Czech language
       examination for the purpose of obtaining the permanent residence is
       increased to the A2 level. This higher level examination will be
       taken by third-country nationals who apply for permanent residence
       on September 1^st, 2021 or later. More information you can find
       here.
       Detailed information on the Czech exam you can find here.​

   -
     * 02/08/2021 - An up-to-date version of the Act No. 326/1999 Coll. on
       the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Czech Republic (pdf, 1.8
       kB)
     * 01/01/2020 - A practice of making copies of presented documents has
       changed since January 1st, 2020. You will find more
       information here (pdf, 170 kB)
     * 20/05/2015 - Emergencies
     * 08/09/2014 - Immigration Portal of the Ministry of Interior


   ________________________________________
   Disclaimer: This website is currently under construction and is
   continuously being updated. The information available here is not
   intended to be comprehensive and many details which are relevant to
   particular circumstances may have been omitted. It is not a complete
   statement of the Act on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Czech
   Republic (pdf, 1.8 MB) or policy. Please note that the MOI takes no
   responsibility for the content and accuracy of any of the external
   websites we link to from this website.


   Department for Asylum and Migration Policy, January 2nd, 2023

   Print  E-mail  Twitter   Facebook

   Website of the Police of the Czech Republic
   Website of the Fire and Rescue Service of the Czech Republic

   Information for Foreigners Extremism
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2022 The Ministry of the Interior of the Czech Republic, all rights
   reserved
     * Sitemap |
     * Webmaster |
     * Contacts |
     * Declaration of accessability
     * | RSS
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-35">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC Homepage
     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

     * Your account

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * More menu

   More menu
   Search BBC
     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

   (BUTTON) Close menu
   BBC News

   Menu
     * Home
     * War in Ukraine
     * Coronavirus
     * Climate
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science

   More
     * Stories
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Reality Check
     * Newsbeat
     * Long Reads

     * World
     * Africa
     * Asia
     * Australia
     * Europe
     * Latin America
     * Middle East
     * US &amp; Canada

South Africans take law into their own hands to drive out foreigners

     * Published
       2 June 2022

   (BUTTON) Share
   (BUTTON) close panel
   Share page
   (BUTTON) Copy link
   About sharing
   Children playing in a township
   By Lebo Diseko
   Johannesburg, South Africa

   South Africa's president says he's "deeply disturbed" at the abuse of
   foreign nationals working in the country. It is a particular problem in
   the township of Alexandra, which was at the centre of xenophobic riots
   in 2008. Some immigrants there have told the BBC they now live in fear.

   "When they came here for the first time there were seven of them. They
   made us lie all down. They took the machines, hairdryers and sprays. We
   had no choice but to let them take them because they had guns".

   David - not his real name - sits nervously in front of me at his
   barber's shop in Johannesburg's Alexandra township.

   The Mozambican looks down at his hands as he describes the numerous
   attacks he's been the target of, simply for being a foreigner.

   David says his attackers were South African, and that each time they
   make the same demand: that he should leave the country.

   "They tell us we have to go, to close our business, but I don't know
   where to go," he says.

   The shack which serves as his salon is less than two metres long, but
   it is clearly David's pride and joy. Laminated pictures showing
   different hairstyles line the wall, and his clippers and other tools
   are neatly lined up on the side.

   The money he makes here supports his family back in Mozambique. But he
   says he is willing to brave whatever danger might come to provide for
   them.

   "As long as my family is eating, that is all that matters to me," he
   says.

   "They could kill me at any time. I don't know what will happen".
   Man walking through the township
   Image caption,
   Alexandra is one of the poorest urban areas in the country

   Recent clashes between South African residents of Alexandra and foreign
   business owners have raised fears of another outbreak of anti-immigrant
   violence in the country. It is in this township in 2008 that xenophobic
   violence began and then spread.

   Nationwide, nearly three times as many foreigners were killed as a
   result of xenophobic violence in 2021 than the previous year, according
   to the African Centre of Migration and Society.

   Poverty is one of the main drivers of such conflict, with South
   Africans frequently accusing immigrants of taking their jobs. One in
   three people in the workforce is currently unemployed, a figure that
   rises to almost two in three among people under 24.
   Agnes Malatjie and other members of the Alexandra Dudula movement.
   Image caption,
   Agnes Malatjie (centre) says being called vigilantes won't break the
   Dudula movement's spirit

   The issue of jobs, and access to business opportunities in the township
   has been taken up by a group called the Alexandra Dudula movement.
   Dudula means "to push back" or "drive out" in Zulu.

   It has closed down shops and stalls that it claims are run by illegal
   immigrants. Foreigners like David say it is people from the Dudula
   movement who carried out the violent attacks on them.

   As our team makes its way through the township, we meet a group of
   Dudula activists getting ready to conduct what they call patrols, where
   they demand to see people's immigration papers.

   I ask spokesperson Agnes Malatjie how the group justifies taking the
   law into their own hands.

   "We will not let those names that you called us - 'hooligans,
   vigilantes' - break the spirit of the community who are fighting for
   what's rightfully theirs," she tells me.

   She accuses authorities of not enforcing immigration law or responding
   when South Africans are attacked.

   "If the government does things the right way there won't be
   vigilantism. We also get harassed, we were attacked on 7 March by
   foreign nationals with sticks, weapons. So some things need serious
   attention."
   Township in Johannesburg
   Image caption,
   Immigrants to South Africa say they're scared of vigilante justice

   Alexandra is one of the poorest urban areas in the country, and it sits
   in the shadow of the gleaming skyscrapers of Sandton, Africa's richest
   square mile.

   Its proximity to wealth and opportunity has long attracted newcomers to
   Johannesburg from around the country and the continent.

   But as pressure on resources in this densely-populated area has grown,
   so too has the potential for conflict between recent arrivals and
   existing residents who feel they are being sidelined.

   All of this goes a long way to explaining its cycles of violence, says
   Dr Lufuno Sadiki, a criminologist from the University of Pretoria. She
   explains it using what is known as "strain theory".

   "All of us want a good life, and not all of us have access to a good
   life."

   "In Sandton you don't have to wake up in the morning to empty the
   bucket you've been using as a toilet. You open your tap, you've got
   water. You've got all these resources at your fingertips. And here you
   are just across the road in Alexandra, and every day this is what you
   see.

   "It's like a mirror that magnifies your frustrations. The inequality is
   right in your face. The thing that you want is right across the road
   and yet you can't access it. Sometimes when you don't have answers the
   easiest thing is to attack another person".

   19-year-old John - not his real name - says he too has been on the
   receiving end of several such attacks since he arrived in Johannesburg
   from Mozambique last year.

   He and his friends have a roadside stall where they cook meat and
   porridge to sell to the township's commuters.

   But he says South Africans claiming to be from the Dudula movement have
   attacked them several times, stealing their stock.

   "When Dudula comes they are armed with heavy leather whips, and they
   hit us. When they come we have to run and leave our stuff"

   For John too, the dream was to support his family back in Mozambique.
   He hoped he might even be able to save enough money to buy his first
   car.

   Those dreams now lie in tatters.

   "I'm so scared I'm even thinking of moving to another country," he
   says. "At home in Mozambique they know about our situation in South
   Africa, and they pray for us".

More on this story

     * Fear and loathing in South Africa
          + 27 December 2021
       A street hairdresser in Hillbrow, Johannesburg, South Africa
     * South Africa floods kill more than 300
          + 14 April 2022
       Man walking through a flooded road
     * Inside South Africa’s abandoned gold mines
          + 30 May 2022
       Miner digging for gold
     * Could South Africa mediate in Ukraine?
          + 18 March 2022
       Zelensky, Ramaphosa and Putin

Related Topics

     * Crime
     * Cyril Ramaphosa
     * Racism
     * South Africa
     * Johannesburg

Top Stories

     * Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
          + Published
            1 hour ago
     * Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
          + Published
            2 hours ago
     * 'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
          + Published
            3 hours ago

Features

     * The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
       Lisa and Robert Opala
     * The Moon hoax that fooled the world. VideoThe Moon hoax that fooled
       the world
       The Moon lit up by the Sun
     * Sound Of 2023: Cat Burns writing songs to help fans
       Cat Burns
     *
     * 'My autism made me an artist but I wanted a family'
       David Downes
     * Could this be the world’s tallest man?
       Sulemana Abdul Samed
     * Surfer creates eco-haven with ancient knowhow
       Javier Lijo holds up a cocoa pod
     * World celebrates arrival of 2023
       A person wears 2023 glasses during New Year celebrations in Times
       Square during the first New Year's Eve event without restrictions
       since the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in the Manhattan
       borough of New York City, New York,
     * NYE in Putin’s Russia - nothing is normal
       President Putin surrounded by troops during his New Year's address
     * Why pleasure is key to losing weight
       Female runner

Elsewhere on the BBC

     * The most unlikely TV hit ever?
       Men Digging
     * Which protein is most climate-friendly?
       Woman Eating Burger
     * The railway that forever changed the US
       Drawing of Train in Mountains

Most Read

    1. 1
       Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
    2. 2
       'I want my father and brother back' - Prince Harry
    3. 3
       Could this be the world’s tallest man?
    4. 4
       'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
    5. 5
       Jeremy Renner in hospital after snow plough accident
    6. 6
       Croatia begins new euro and Schengen zone era
    7. 7
       Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
    8. 8
       The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
    9. 9
       Race to free Vietnamese boy stuck in shaft
   10. 10
       Cruise passengers stranded over ship marine growth

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On smart speakers
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Get Personalised Newsletters
     * Why you can trust the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info

   © 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external
   sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-36">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KB3L3M

   Skip to content

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   (*) Search this site
   ( ) Search Brandeis.edu

   (BUTTON) Search (BUTTON) Menu
     * First Steps
          + Get Started
          + Choosing a Program
          + Types of Programs
          + Foreign Language Requirement
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Major/Minor Advising
          + Financial Overview
               o Affording Study Abroad
               o Billing for Off-Campus Study
               o Financial Aid Portability
               o Study Abroad Scholarships
               o Financial FAQs
               o Comparing the Cost of Study Abroad
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
          + Overview of Programs
          + Brandeis in Copenhagen
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Mérida
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Siena
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Faculty
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Brandeis in Siena Artwork Gallery
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
          + Approved Programs
          + Year and Semester Abroad
               o Overview of Year and Semester Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Spend Fall Semester Abroad
               o Eligibility
               o Application Process
          + Summer Abroad
               o About Summer Study Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Eligibility
               o Applications
               o Courses and Credit
               o Financial Information
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis Oxford Affiliations
          + Brandeis Exchange Programs
               o Outgoing Exchange Programs
               o Incoming Exchange Program
          + Fall Midyear Programs
               o Overview of Midyear Programs
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
               o Money Abroad
               o Packing Suggestions
               o Passports and Visas
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + COVID-19 Information
          + Communication While Abroad
          + Health Preparation
          + Insurance and Travel Assistance Coverage
          + Mental Health
          + Safety Precautions
          + Sexual Harassment and Assault
     * Returning to Brandeis
          + Transfer Credit
          + Foreign Transcript Request
          + Brandeis Housing Process While Abroad
          + Returnee Opportunities
     * For Families
          + Information for Families
          + Timelines and Deadlines
          + Supporting Your Student
          + Family Stories
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * For Faculty
          + Materials and Resources
          + Brandeis-Run Program Development
     * About Us
          + Our Mission
          + Contact Us
          + Meet the Staff
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Student Profiles
          + Alumni Profiles
          + Fast Facts
          + Calendar of Events
          + Privacy Statement

     * First Steps
          + Get Started
          + Choosing a Program
          + Types of Programs
          + Foreign Language Requirement
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Major/Minor Advising
          + Financial Overview
               o Affording Study Abroad
               o Billing for Off-Campus Study
               o Financial Aid Portability
               o Study Abroad Scholarships
               o Financial FAQs
               o Comparing the Cost of Study Abroad
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
          + Overview of Programs
          + Brandeis in Copenhagen
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Mérida
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Siena
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Faculty
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Brandeis in Siena Artwork Gallery
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
          + Approved Programs
          + Year and Semester Abroad
               o Overview of Year and Semester Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Spend Fall Semester Abroad
               o Eligibility
               o Application Process
          + Summer Abroad
               o About Summer Study Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Eligibility
               o Applications
               o Courses and Credit
               o Financial Information
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis Oxford Affiliations
          + Brandeis Exchange Programs
               o Outgoing Exchange Programs
               o Incoming Exchange Program
          + Fall Midyear Programs
               o Overview of Midyear Programs
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
               o Money Abroad
               o Packing Suggestions
               o Passports and Visas
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + COVID-19 Information
          + Communication While Abroad
          + Health Preparation
          + Insurance and Travel Assistance Coverage
          + Mental Health
          + Safety Precautions
          + Sexual Harassment and Assault
     * Returning to Brandeis
          + Transfer Credit
          + Foreign Transcript Request
          + Brandeis Housing Process While Abroad
          + Returnee Opportunities
     * For Families
          + Information for Families
          + Timelines and Deadlines
          + Supporting Your Student
          + Family Stories
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * For Faculty
          + Materials and Resources
          + Brandeis-Run Program Development
     * About Us
          + Our Mission
          + Contact Us
          + Meet the Staff
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Student Profiles
          + Alumni Profiles
          + Fast Facts
          + Calendar of Events
          + Privacy Statement

     * Academics
          + Degree Programs
          + Majors and Minors
          + The Brandeis Core
          + School of Arts and Sciences
          + Brandeis International Business School
          + Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
          + Heller School for Social Policy and Management
          + Rabb School of Continuing Studies
          + Rabb School: Graduate Professional Studies
          + Summer School
          + Justice Brandeis Semester
          + Precollege Programs
          + Faculty Guide
          + Information Technology Services
          + Brandeis Library
          + Academic Calendar
     * Admissions &amp; Aid
          + Undergraduate Admissions
          + Brandeis International Business School
          + Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
          + Heller School for Social Policy and Management
          + Graduate Professional Studies (Online Programs)
          + Summer School
          + Precollege Programs
          + Financial Aid
     * Research
          + Research that Matters
          + Resources for Researchers
          + Brandeis Researchers in the News
          + Provost Research Grants
          + Recent Awards
          + Faculty Research
          + Student Research
          + Centers and Institutes
          + Office of the Vice Provost for Research
          + Office of the Provost
     * Athletics
     * Student Life
          + Housing/Community Living
          + Dining
          + Campus Calendar
          + Student Activities
          + Clubs and Organizations
          + Community Service
          + Dean of Students Office
          + Athletics
          + Orientation
          + Hiatt Career Center
          + Spiritual Life
          + Diversity
          + Graduate Student Affairs
          + Directory of Campus Contacts
     * Arts
          + Division of Creative Arts
          + Brandeis Arts Engagement
          + Rose Art Museum
          + Bernstein Festival of the Creative Arts
          + Theater Arts Productions
          + Brandeis Concert Series
          + Public Sculpture at Brandeis
          + Women's Studies Research Center
          + Creative Arts Award
          + Brandeis Tickets
     * About
          + Our Story
          + Our Jewish Roots
          + The Framework for the Future
          + Mission and Diversity Statements
          + Fast Facts
          + Visiting
          + Distinguished Faculty
          + Nobel Prize 2017
          + Notable Alumni
          + Administration
          + Working at Brandeis
          + Commencement
          + Offices Directory

     * Students
     * Faculty &amp; Staff
     * Alumni &amp; Friends
     * Parents &amp; Families

     * Popular Resources
          + COVID-19 Response
          + Workday
          + Campus Calendar
          + News/Media
          + Sites A-Z
          + People Directory
          + Support at Brandeis
          + Latte
          + Shuttle Schedules
          + Employment
          + Working Remotely Resources

Office of Study Abroad

   Home / Resources for Abroad / Identity and Culture Resources / Being a
   Foreigner While Abroad

Being a Foreigner While Abroad

   A Brandeis student in South Africa

   You may encounter both negative and positive stereotypes regarding your
   ethnicity and/or nationality while abroad, and we encourage you to do
   some research to learn a bit more about what it means to be a foreigner
   living and studying in another country.

   Some examples of things you may want to consider are:
     * Politeness: Formal greetings and grammar may be more common. You
       may also find that you receive more personal questions as others
       may be more curious about you. Remember that just because something
       seems impolite to you, it might not actually be impolite within
       your new culture.
     * Speech: Humor and profanity may be perceived differently in a new
       culture and language.
     * Dress: Appropriate clothing varies around the world. Learn about
       the cultural and/or religious background of your new community. Ask
       questions to understand the history behind certain differences in
       dress and do your best to be respectful of those differences.
     * Physical contact: Take special note of social and personal space.
       Different cultures have different ways of saying hello and goodbye
       and different standards of how much physical contact is considered
       appropriate. Also, be observant of the different stages of a
       relationship and the amount of physical contact associated with
       them while you are abroad. A simple pat on the back or a hug could
       prove very uncomfortable for the receiver if the context is
       inappropriate. Read more.
     * Drinking and drunkenness: Be aware of local laws and customs around
       drinking. While in many countries social drinking is common,
       drunkenness is rarely viewed as amusing and in most cases is seen
       as intolerable and insulting.
     * Classroom behavior: Expect your classroom environment to be
       different than here at Brandeis. For example, participating in
       class may not be appropriate, the use of technology may be
       discouraged, classes may be organized differently, and learning may
       take place in new formats.
     * Your identity: Studying abroad may be your first time being a
       minority or being part of the majority in your new country or even
       within your program cohort. Identities around race, religion,
       gender presentation, socioeconomic class, and more, can all play a
       large role in your experience. You may find that others ask you
       more questions or you may find that you ask yourself more questions
       around your identity. Before going abroad, think about what some of
       these questions might be and how you might react to them.

Resources

   20 Tips on Korean Culture for Foreigners

   A blog post by Brandeis student Nico Leger '21, who studied abroad at
   CIEE/ Yonsei University.
   Diversity, Access, and Inclusion Information &amp; Resources
   A collection of external resources related to diversity, access,
   identity, and inclusion abroad, organized by country.
     * First Steps
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
     * Returning to Brandeis
     * For Families
     * For Faculty
     * About Us

Brandeis Study Abroad Account

   Existing Users

   New Users

Contact Us

   Usdan 169, MS 073
   Brandeis University
   415 South Street
   Waltham, MA 02453

   781-736-3483
   abroad@brandeis.edu
     *
     *
     *

   Explore
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Brandeis-Led Programs
     * Year/Semester Abroad
     * Summer Abroad
     * Midyear Programs

   Expand
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Student Stories
     * Study Abroad Ambassadors
     * Global Brandeis

   Engage
     __________________________________________________________________

   Office of Study Abroad
   Usdan 169
   MS 073
   Brandeis University
   415 South Street
   Waltham, MA 02453

   781-736-3483
   abroad@brandeis.edu

   Privacy

   Emergencies Abroad
   Excite
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Brandeis University
   Accessibility Statement
   Privacy
   ©2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-37">
<text>
   #RSS Feed

   The Foreigner's Home
   (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   Home Trailer STORY (BUTTON) Screenings Filmmakers (BUTTON) Press
   Connect DVDs

   (BUTTON) Back 2020 Screenings Past Screenings
   (BUTTON) Back Press Kit News
   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   HomeTrailerSTORY Screenings 2020 Screenings Past Screenings Filmmakers
   Press Press Kit News ConnectDVDs
   The Foreigner's Home
   Toni Morrison at the Louvre

   Scroll
   Barbed Wire Title v2.jpg Barbed Wire Title v2.jpg

Purchase DVDs
for Schools &amp; Libraries
HERE



   FH Concept 17 for Website 2.jpg




Toni Morrison at the Louvre

   The Foreigner’s Home is a feature-length documentary film that explores
   the vision and work of Toni Morrison through “The Foreigner’s Home,”
   the 2006 exhibition she guest-curated at the Louvre. Morrison invited
   renowned artists whose work also deals with the experience of cultural
   and social displacement to join her in a public conversation that she
   had been pursuing for years through her own research and writing and in
   her teaching at Princeton University. The film expands that
   conversation, combining exclusive and unreleased footage of the Nobel
   Laureate in dialogue with artists—first, in Paris in 2006 and then, in
   2015, at her home in New York state—with extensive archival film
   footage, music, and still images to present a series of candid and
   incisive exchanges about race, identity, “foreignness,” and art’s
   redemptive power.

   We are thrilled to announce that The Foreigner's Home will have its
   World Premiere this January at the 47th International Film Festival
   Rotterdam (IFFR) in the Netherlands. The film is part of IFFR's program
   Pan-African Cinema Today for January 26 &amp; 28. See more details HERE.



   Foreigners Drawn Text 2 copy.png Foreigners Drawn Text 2 copy.png

Watch the Trailer


   The Foreigner's Home from color.mov.01_54_06_03.Still002.jpg


Filmmakers


Rian Brown

   Rian Brown is an independent filmmaker, visual artist, and Associate
   Professor of Cinema Studies at Oberlin College. She earned her Masters
   of Fine Arts in Filmmaking from the University of California San Diego
   before coming to teach at Oberlin. For the past two decades has
   written, produced, and directed many short films including Into the
   Scrum, Presence of Water, The Settler, and Death of the Moth, which
   have screened internationally at film festivals and museums including
   the L.A. Hammer Museum of Art, Cleveland Cinematheque, Harvard Film
   Archive, The Wexner Center for the Arts, . . . READ MORE

Jonathan Demme

   Jonathan Demme began his career as a writer and producer with Roger
   Corman in 1971 and directed and produced more than 40 movies. His films
   have been nominated for 20 Academy Awards, including Beloved, Melvin
   and Howard, Philadelphia, The Manchurian Candidate, and Silence of the
   Lambs, for which he won the Oscar for Best Director in 1991 . . . READ
   MORE

Geoff Pingree

   Geoff Pingree is an Emmy Award winning documentary filmmaker, a
   photographer, a writer, and Professor of Cinema Studies at Oberlin
   College. He earned both a master’s and doctorate in English and
   American Literature and Film Studies at the University of Chicago and,
   before coming to Oberlin, worked in public television in Washington,
   DC, where he also directed Catholic University’s Program in Media
   Studies and George Washington University’s Institute for Documentary
   Filmmaking. His film work has been broadcast on venues including PBS
   and Discovery . . . READ MORE

Ford Morrison

   Ford Morrison was born in Washington DC on June 18 1961. He studied at
   the University of California at Berkeley and at the Architectural
   Association in London. Morrison, based in New York since 1992, is an
   Architect for Princeton University's Plasma Physics Laboratory . . .
   READ MORE




" The destiny of the twenty-first century
will be shaped by the possibility or collapse of a shareable world."  – Toni
Morrison

Film Subjects


Toni Morrison

   Toni Morrison is recognized as one of the most influential writers in
   American literary history. In 1993, she was the first African American
   woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature. Her eleven major
   novels—The Bluest Eye, Sula, Song of Solomon, Tar Baby, Beloved, Jazz,
   Paradise, Love, A Mercy, Home, and God Help the Child—have earned
   extensive critical acclaim. She received the National Book Critics
   Award in 1978 for Song of Solomon and the 1988 Pulitzer Prize for
   Beloved . . . READ MORE

Edwidge Danticat

   Edwidge Danticat is the author of several books, including Breath,
   Eyes, Memory, an Oprah Book Club selection, Krik? Krak!, a National
   Book Award finalist, The Farming of Bones, The Dew Breaker, Create
   Dangerously, and Claire of the Sea Light. She is also the editor of The
   Butterfly’s Way: Voices from the Haitian Dyaspora in the United States,
   Best American Essays 2011, Haiti Noir and Haiti Noir 2. . . READ MORE



TONI MORRISON AT THE LOUVRE

   Toni 2016-08-09 at 3.29.28 PM copy.png

Music of The Foreigner's Home

   As filmmakers at Oberlin College, we are lucky enough to have ongoing
   relationships with students and faculty at the world-renowned Oberlin
   Conservatory of Music. During the film’s five-year production, we
   worked with many of the Conservatory’s most creative and talented
   students—the great musicians of tomorrow. For the first three years,
   through numerous rough cuts, the film was held together by
   student-created work that set the tone and rhythm of the piece. Later,
   we had the privilege of working with two of the Conservatory’s best
   composers, Jay Ashby, a Grammy winning producer and performer who has
   recorded with some of the industry’s top jazz artists, and Peter V.
   Swendsen, an innovator whose recent work combines field recordings and
   acoustic instruments with electronics and who is currently chair of the
   Technology in Music and the Related Arts Department. Through Jay and
   Peter, we were able to work with prominent Conservatory alumni and
   friends, including Sullivan Fortner and Kim Nazarin, and to record the
   film’s score at Clonick Hall, a state of the art recording studio and
   performance space. The original score, born of an intense and careful
   collaboration among the directors and composers, captures the urgency
   and hope of Toni Morrison’s vision.  View videos about our music
   makers.

JAY ASHBY

   Jay Ashby is a four-time GRAMMY winning producer and has received
   multiple nominations in other categories, including Arranging and
   Engineering. A “consummate musician” whose talents “know few bounds”
   (Pittsburgh Tribune-Review), Ashby has performed, toured, and recorded
   with some of the most renowned jazz artists in the industry for over 30
   years . . . READ MORE

PETER SWENDSEN

   Peter V. Swendsen is interested in creating a sense of place for
   performers and listeners, often by using field recordings and
   real-world processes in music that combines acoustic instruments with
   electronics. Several such pieces are featured on his recent CD,
   Allusions to Seasons and Weather. In 2016, he premiered What Noises
   Remain . . . READ MORE

Who is the Foreigner?

"The relocation of peoples has ignited and disrupted the idea of home
and expanded the focus of identity beyond definitions of citizenship
to clarifications of foreignness."  – Toni Morrison

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)

Hurricane Katrina

   Hurricane Katrina

Slave Family

   Slave Family

Rosa Parks

   Rosa Parks

Slam Poet at the Louvre

   Slam Poet at the Louvre

Syrian Refugees

   Syrian Refugees

   TFH Final 062817.01_50_03_15.Still021.jpg

Syrian Refugees

   Syrian Refugees

Tunisian Refugees

   Tunisian Refugees

Tunisian Refugees

   Tunisian Refugees

   Foreigner's Home
   Toni at the Louvre
   Trailer
   Filmmakers
   Toni Morrison
   Music of The Foreigner's Home
   Who is the foreigner?
     __________________________________________________________________



   Facebook.png Facebook.png
   Ice Lens Logo w address.png Ice Lens Logo w address.png

   Instagram.png Instagram.png
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-38">
<text>
    #alternate alternate alternate Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della
   Cooperazione Internazionale » Feed Ministero degli Affari Esteri e
   della Cooperazione Internazionale » Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate

   This site uses technical, analytics and third-party cookies.
   By continuing to browse, you accept the use of cookies.
   Preferences cookies (BUTTON) Accept cookies

   Go to content

   Italian Government
     * IT
     * EN

Header, social and menu of site

   Logo Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

   Ministero degli Affari Esteri
   e della Cooperazione Internazionale

   Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Follow us:

     *
     *
     *
     *
     * Podcast
     *

Ricerca sito live

   Search on site ____________________
     * digita...

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Close
   Logo Farnesina
     * Farnesina
          + Farnesina
            The Foreign Ministry is vested with the functions and tasks
            assigned to the State in respect of international political,
            economic, social and cultural relations.
               o Go to the section
          + Vice Ministers and Deputy Ministers
               o Structure
               o Online Relevant Legislation
               o Comitato Unico di Garanzia
          + Organo Indipendente di Valutazione (OIV)
               o Il Circolo degli Esteri
               o Associations and Sindacati
               o Comando Carabinieri MAECI
          + Contacts
               o Foreign Diplomatic Missions in Italy
               o Lavora con noi
               o Patronage
     * Minister
          + Minister
            On. Antonio Tajani
               o Go to the section
     * Opportunities
          + Opportunities
            This section contains information on and the links to the
            services and opportunities that the MAECI and the diplomatic
            and consular network offer to a multitude of users, including
            Italian citizens and enterprises and foreign citizens.
               o Go to the section
          + MAECI
               o Scholarships/Grants
               o Youth Exchanges
               o Opportunità nelle OOII
          + Europe Union
               o Opportunità nella Cooperazione internazionale
               o Cultura e lingua
               o Enterprises
     * Transparent Administration
          + Transparent Administration
            This section gives access to data and documents concerning the
            MAECI. The purpose of transparency is to protect citizens’
            interests and to promote widespread control over procedures.
               o Go to the section
          + Disposizioni generali
               o Organizzazione
               o Consulenti e collaboratori
               o Personale
               o Bandi di concorso
               o Perfomance
               o Enti controllati
               o Enti controllati
               o Attività e procedimenti
               o Provvedimenti
          + Controlli sulle imprese
               o Call for tenders
               o Sovvenzioni, contributi, sussidi, vantaggi economici
               o Bilanci
               o Trasparent Accounts
               o Beni immobili e gestione patrimonio
               o Controlli e rilievi sull’amministrazione
               o Servizi erogati
               o Pagamenti dell’Amministrazione
          + Opere pubbliche
               o Pianificazione e governo del territorio
               o Informazioni ambientali
               o Interventi straordinari di emergenza
               o Protezione dati personali
               o Altri contenuti
     * Press Room
          + Press Room
            This section gives access to the archive of the MAECI’s press
            releases, news on the agenda of the Minister and Deputy
            Minister and on issues of general interest.
               o Go to the section
          + Journalists
               o Interviews and Articles
               o News and Press Releases
               o PODCAST – Voci dalla Farnesina
               o #SocialFarnesina
               o Multimedia

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search on site Search on site

    1. Home>gt;
    2. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation>gt;
    3. Legislation online>gt;
    4. Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – Inbound passengers from...

   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp
   Share Share on Social Network

Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – Inbound passengers from China to Italy

   [Coronavirus-COVID-19.jpg]


   29/12/2022

   With a view to identifying and limiting the spread of possible variants
   of the COVID-19 virus, from 28 December 2022 to 31 January 2023, the
   regulations laid down in the Ordinance of the Ministry of Health shall
   apply to all inbound passengers from China. The regulation sets out the
   following provisions:
    1. Before embarking, the obligation for passengers to submit to the
       carrier a certificate proving to have taken a molecular test during
       the 72 preceding hours or an antigen test during the preceding 48
       hours, with a negative test swab result;
    2. The obligation to take an antigen swab test on arrival at the
       airport or, should this be impossible, to take it at the competent
       local health authority within 48 hours from the passenger’s entry
       in the national territory;
    3. In case of testing positive to the antigen test, the obligation to
       immediately take a molecular test in order to enable the virus
       genome sequencing and a period of self-isolation in compliance with
       the current regulations;
    4. The obligation to test negative to another antigen or molecular
       test to end the self-isolation period.

   As long as free from COVID-19 symptoms, the above provisions do not
   apply to children under six, the members of the crew and on-board staff
   on the means of transport of passengers and goods, the officials and
   officers, however defined, of the European Union or of international
   organizations, diplomats, the administrative and technical staff of
   diplomatic missions, the officials and employees of Consulates, the
   military personnel, including those re-entering the Country from
   international missions, the Police Forces, the staff of the Information
   System for the Security of the Republic (Sistema di informazione per la
   sicurezza della Repubblica) and of the Fire Department in the exercise
   of their duties.

   Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – 28/12/2022


   Browse section
     * Normativa altre Amministrazioni - COVID-19
     * Principali disposizioni MAECI
     * Circolari
     * Normativa Consolare
     * Accordi Sindacali

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Whatsapp

   Logo Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Ministero degli Affari Esteri
e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Footer section

Contact

     * Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation
       Piazzale della Farnesina, 1 00135 Rome Italy
     * Main switchboard
       +39 - 06.36911
     * The MFAIC’s institutionalised and certified e-mail address
       ministero.affariesteri@cert.esteri.it

Office and Diplomatic Network

   All offices

   Diplomatic Network

Office for Relations with the Public (URP)

   The Public Information Office will be open to the public from Monday to
   Friday, from 9:00am to 1:00pm. Access will be by appointment only to be
   made via email (urp@esteri.it) or by phone. The service will continue
   to be guaranteed also by phone and email.

   Phone number (+39) 06.3691.8899 from Monday to Friday, from 8:30am to
   3:30pm

   Please note that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International
   Cooperation will never ask you, for any reason, to give your personal
   information or to make a payment by telephone.

Useful info

   Certified email addresses

   Online Inquiries module

   Faq

Farnesina apps

     * mAPPamondo(IoS) (Android)
     * Crisis Unit app RSS Feed
     * News Alert

Transparent Administration

   Transparent Administration

Useful links

     * Privacy and Cookie Policy
     * Legal notices
     * Accessibility Statement
     * Editorial Committee

     * 2023 Copyright Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International
       Cooperation
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-39">
<text>
Navigation

   (BUTTON) Close menu

   Home
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

     * Events
     * About us
     * Submissions
     * Order
     * Contact

   Newsletter

     * Data protection
     * Imprint

   A service of the ZBW

   (BUTTON) Navigation öffnen

   Intereconomics
   Review of European Economic Policy
   ____________________ Start search
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

   Intereconomics / Volumes / 2022 / Number 5 / Goodbye China: What Do
   Fewer Foreigners Mean for Multinationals and the Chinese Economy?

   Articles

   Volume 57, 2022 · Number 5 · pp. 306–312 · JEL: J61, F23

Goodbye China: What Do Fewer Foreigners Mean for Multinationals and the
Chinese Economy?

   By Frank Bickenbach, Wan-Hsin Liu
     *
     *
     *

   Frank Bickenbach, Kiel Institute for the World Economy, Germany.

   Wan-Hsin Liu, Kiel Institute for the World Economy; and Kiel Centre for
   Globalization, Germany.

   The number of foreigners living in China is very low in international
   comparison and has further declined recently. While the strict
   COVID-19-related travel restrictions played a major role in this
   decline, there are indications that the decline started in part before
   the pandemic and may well continue once the pandemic-related
   restrictions are lifted. Against this background, this article
   discusses the economic challenges that the reduction in the number of
   foreigners is causing for Western multinationals operating in China and
   to the Chinese economy more generally. The consequences could spill
   over to the world economy and reinforce economic and technological
   decoupling tendencies between China and the West.

   According to preliminary results of the 2020 National Census of China,
   there were 845,697 foreigners and an additional 584,998 residents of
   Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan – together 1,430,695 immigrants^1 – living
   in mainland China on 1 November 2020 (NBSC, 2021). This was a
   substantial increase of 410,550 immigrants (40.2%) compared to the
   previous Census of 2010. The increase was greater for foreigners
   (251,865; 42.4%) than for residents of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
   (158,685; 37.2%). Still, the total number of immigrants amounted to
   just 0.1% (and that of foreigners to just 0.06%) of China’s population
   of more than 1.41 billion people.^2 This is an exceptionally low share
   not only compared to Western countries such as the United States
   (15.4%), Germany (15.7%) or France (12.8%) but also compared to China’s
   East Asian neighbours Japan (2.0%) or South Korea (2.3%), or even
   compared to the similarly populous – but economically less developed –
   India (0.4%) (UNDESA, 2022).

   In addition, the overall immigration growth rate of more than 40% from
   2010 to 2020 is the result of very heterogeneous developments across
   Chinese provinces. While the number of immigrants in Yunnan Province in
   South China has increased by about 700% (from 47,396 to 379,281)
   between 2010 and 2020,^3 the number of immigrants has actually
   decreased in several other provinces. This is true, in particular, for
   the municipalities Shanghai and Beijing where the number of immigrants
   has decreased by about 21.4% (from 208,602 to 163,954) and 41.5% (from
   107,445 to 62,812), respectively. And, although the preliminary results
   of the 2020 Census published so far do not provide the numbers of
   foreigners for individual provinces, given the exceptional development
   of the number of immigrants in Yunnan, it can reasonably be assumed
   that the aggregate number of foreigners in the other 30 Chinese
   provinces has actually declined between 2010 and 2020 by roughly 80,000
   persons or about 14.5%, according to a back of the envelope
   estimation.^4

   As the National Census was carried out in late 2020, it has already
   been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the strict travel
   restrictions imposed in response (see below). By this time, an unknown
   number of immigrants had already left China and/or were unable to enter
   or return to China due to these strict travel restrictions. Given that
   foreigners, including expatriates from Western countries, have more
   likely been directly affected by these restrictions than residents from
   Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, these restrictions have certainly
   contributed to the particularly strong decrease in the number of
   immigrants in Beijing and Shanghai, where the number of foreigners has
   been substantially higher than the number of residents from Hong Kong,
   Macao and Taiwan.^5

   Additionally, there is evidence showing that the decade-long increase
   in the number of foreigners living in China had already come to a halt
   or even reversed in China (outside Yunnan) several years before the
   COVID-19 pandemic. Take Shanghai, the most international city in China,
   as an example. While the number of foreigners increased substantially
   from 100,011 in 2005 to 174,192 persons in 2012 (roughly 8% annual
   growth rate); it only increased to 178,335 persons in 2015 (roughly
   0.8% annual growth rate) and then decreased to 172,076 in 2018 (SBS,
   2014-2019). A similar trend reversal can be observed among German
   citizens living in China. According to the 2010 Population Census,
   Germans were the second largest group of Europeans living in China in
   2010 (NBSC, 2012). According to the German Statistical Office, in each
   year from 2001 to 2014, the number of German citizens moving from
   Germany to China exceeded the number of Germans re-migrating from China
   to Germany, resulting in a net migration of 6,325 Germans to China
   between 2001 and 2014 (Destatis, 2022). In contrast, in each year
   between 2015 and 2020, more Germans moved back to Germany from China
   than the other way around, leading to a net remigration of 4,159
   Germans back from China to Germany during this period.

China’s immigration policy

   Given its large population and its developing economic status, China
   does not perceive itself as a potential immigration country.
   Accordingly, the development of China’s immigration policy has been the
   result of a perceived need for China to control and regulate increasing
   immigration flows rather than attempt to actively promote immigration
   or facilitate the integration of immigrants into the Chinese economy
   and society.

   China’s Exit and Entry Administration Law, which was passed in 2012,
   marked an important turning point in China’s immigration policy. Over
   the more than three decades from the beginning of China’s open-door
   policy to the 2012 law, China’s legal and administration framework for
   immigration control and management had been highly fragmented and
   lacked coordination (Zhu and Price, 2013; Pieke, 2014). A large number
   of central and local authorities were involved in entry procedures, and
   the communication and cooperation between them was highly deficient.
   This framework was inadequate to cope with the economic, social and
   security challenges resulting from the surging number of legal and
   illegal immigrants that followed China’s access to the World Trade
   Organization in 2001 (Zhu and Price, 2013). The 2012 law reflected the
   Chinese government’s recognition that China needed a more comprehensive
   regulatory framework for immigration in order to further its national
   development goals. It provides for an immigration policy that strongly
   differentiates the treatment of foreigners by their perceived benefits
   to the Chinese economy. While particularly highly skilled foreigners
   are wanted and welcome given their potential benefits for China’s
   economic development, the entry of illegal or less desirable foreigners
   and their stay in China are to be more strictly controlled and
   countered than before in the interest of national and social security.

   To be sure, China’s strong preference for attracting high-skilled
   immigrants was not first established by the 2012 law. Already in 2004,
   the Measures for the Administration of Examination and Approval of
   Foreigners’ Permanent Residence in China gave preference to foreigners
   whose qualifications meet certain pre-determined criteria. In 2008, the
   Thousand Talents Program was initiated to actively attract highly
   skilled professionals for advanced research, innovation and the
   establishment of high-tech start-ups in China. Since at that time the
   criteria for the so-called preferred high-skill professionals were
   still very high and the policy measures were carried out only
   selectively without comprehensive coordination and supplementary
   hands-on measures, their impact on attracting foreigners, especially
   those without an ethnic Chinese background, were rather limited (Wang,
   2012). Since the 2012 law, the scope of the related policies to attract
   high-skilled foreigners has become broader, reflecting President Xi
   Jinping’s repeated emphasis of the importance of these talents to
   support China’s innovation-driven economic development. The rules and
   regulations related to immigration were further consolidated and
   focused in favour of highly qualified foreigners with the introduction
   of the Permit for Foreigners to Work in China in 2015. This regulation,
   which was implemented nationwide in 2017, formally established a strict
   grading system for foreigners to help China more effectively attract
   international professionals in line with domestic demand.

   Also in 2015, the Chinese authorities started to implement measures to
   ease the visa and residence application procedures and expanded
   immigration services for targeted foreign professionals/high-skilled
   foreign nationals, at first on an experimental basis in a number of
   selected pilot free trade and demonstration zones. In August 2019,
   several of these policies (relating to the facilitation of visas and
   residence permits, including long-term or permanent residence permits
   for specific high-level foreign talent and the establishment of
   immigration service centres) have been implemented nationwide to
   encourage, support and facilitate foreign talent, outstanding young
   foreigners and overseas Chinese to start businesses, invest, innovate,
   study and work in China (Ministry of Public Security, 2019).

   In view of the consolidation of the legal framework and the (selected)
   facilitation of visas and residence approvals, China’s immigration
   policy has become overall more favourable for particularly high-skilled
   foreigners since 2012. By contrast, for most less skilled migrants,
   Chinese immigration policies have become rather more restrictive due to
   stricter enforcement of the restrictive entry and residence regulation
   for this group. At the same time, Chinese public attitudes towards
   foreigners have become more divided, and public resentment towards
   foreigners has been on the rise since about 2015 (Speelman, 2020).
   Against this background, in 2020 the announcement of a public
   consultation on the Regulations Governing the Permanent Residence of
   Foreigners, which is intended to better regulate and also ease
   foreigner’s permanent stay in China, met with strong headwinds and
   harsh criticism from the public. These strong public reactions,
   particularly on social media, even forced the responsible authorities
   to offer public assurance that the regulations will be further
   “improved” and will not be enforced hastily.

COVID-19-based travel restrictions and the decline in the number of
foreigners

   Since March 2020, China has implemented strict travel restrictions to
   deal with the threat of the COVID-19 pandemic. The restrictions imposed
   included a drastic reduction in the number of international passenger
   flights in and out of China, broad restrictions on the issuance of
   visas combined with more complex and time-consuming application
   procedures than before, strict vaccination requirements and stringent
   COVID-19 testing and quarantine requirements both prior to and after
   arrival in China. Despite some adaptations in response to the changing
   global pandemic situation, strict travel restrictions have remained in
   place at least until mid-2022 (the time of writing).

   As a consequence, the number of people, and in particular the number of
   foreigners, crossing China’s border decreased dramatically over the
   past two years. The number of border crossings by foreigners decreased
   from 97.7 million in 2019 to 13.2 million in 2020 and to a mere 4.5
   million (-95.4%) in 2021 (NIA, 2020, 2022). In light of these
   developments, the number of foreigners living in China has likely
   further declined since the reference date of the 2020 National Census
   (1 November 2020). And given the continuation of COVID-19-related
   restrictions and the COVID-19 outbreaks and related strict lockdowns
   in, for example, Jilin and Shanghai in spring 2022, it is likely that
   the number of foreigners living in China will decline even further in
   the near future. In a recent survey among foreigners in Shanghai
   conducted during the strict and long lockdown of the municipality in
   April 2022, 85% of the 950 respondents said that the lockdown has made
   them rethink their future in China. Furthermore, 22% and 26%)of
   respondents said they want to leave China as soon as possible or within
   12 months, respectively. Only 15% of respondents still planned to stay
   in China for the long haul (That’s Shanghai Magazine, 2022).

Implications for Western multinationals in China

   The COVID-19-related travel restrictions and the associated decline in
   the number of foreigners in China have had significant negative
   consequences for many Western companies. Business surveys conducted by
   various chambers of commerce in China in 2021 have found that travel
   and entry restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related human
   resource challenges were by then considered to be among the most
   pressing operational business challenges for Western companies active
   in China. British companies in China surveyed in autumn 2021, for
   example, rated “employing foreign staff” the most burdensome challenge
   for doing business in China in 2021. At the time of the survey, 43% of
   the British companies had existing or new foreign employees outside
   China that were unable to enter the Chinese mainland due to
   COVID-19-related problems of booking suitable flights, securing visas
   for themselves or their dependents or because they were unwilling to
   quarantine (British Chamber, 2022).

   The travel and entry restrictions have significantly exacerbated the
   problems many Western companies in China face in attracting and
   retaining foreign talent. Among the European companies surveyed in
   February 2021, more than 60% of respondents ranked “entry restrictions
   into China due to COVID-19” as one of their top three challenges for
   attracting and for retaining international talent in China at that time
   (European Chamber, 2021a). More than three quarters (and almost
   one-third) of American companies in China surveyed in autumn 2021
   considered it a significant challenge for retaining and recruiting
   international talent in China that qualified candidates were unable
   (and unwilling, respectively) to move to China due to the COVID-19
   restrictions (AmCham China, 2021).

   The COVID-19-related travel and entry restrictions have thus led to a
   reduction of the number (shares) of foreign staff employed by Western
   companies in China. For example, in autumn 2021, 23% of British
   companies surveyed reported a net decrease (vs. only 3% reported a net
   increase) in foreign employees over the past year (British Chamber,
   2021). For 2022, 41% of British companies expected that “a significant
   number of foreign employees will leave China indefinitely”, mainly due
   to emotional strain of prolonged separation from friends and family or
   challenging travel requirements and logistics (British Chamber, 2021,
   23). US companies in China reported an even stronger impact of COVID-19
   restrictions on foreign employment. In late March 2022, about 28% of US
   firms surveyed stated that they had reduced their foreign staff in
   China due to COVID-19 restrictions by more than 20% since the beginning
   of the pandemic, and another 13% of firms by between 10% and 20%. About
   44% of companies expected a further loss of foreign staff, if “current
   COVID-19 restrictions remain in place for the next year” (AmCham China
   and AmCham Shanghai, 2022).

   In line with the general decline in the number of foreigners in China,
   the reduction in the number or share of foreign employees in many
   Western companies in China did not just start with the pandemic.
   According to the German Chamber (2021), for example, the average
   percentage of foreign employees in German companies in China had been
   declining well before the outbreak of the pandemic, decreasing from
   7.1% in 2016 to 6.3% in 2019 and further to 5.4% in 2021. When asked
   about the reasons for replacing foreign employees with local employees,
   30% of responding firms named COVID-19 visa restrictions and 26% the
   visa process in general. However, also about 60% of responding firms
   named the wage level, about 37% better business contacts and 35% (high)
   qualifications of local employees (German Chamber, 2021).^6

   Given the difficulties that companies currently encounter in attracting
   and retaining foreign employees, the decline in the number of foreign
   employees will likely continue. And as the reasons for these
   difficulties are not limited to pandemic-related restrictions, the
   decline is likely to continue even after a (future) lifting of these
   restrictions. According to the European and American companies
   surveyed, those reasons include the unwillingness of qualified
   candidates to relocate to China, high expectations of salary or high
   costs of living and payroll costs, a lack of affordable, quality
   education for children, poor air quality, internet/media restrictions,
   and importantly in the case of American companies also bilateral
   tensions and geopolitical concerns (European Chamber, 2021a; AmCham
   China, 2022).

   Despite COVID-19-related travel restrictions and increasing
   difficulties in retaining and recruiting foreign professionals to
   support their business operations in China, Western companies surveyed
   generally continue to view China as a key market and an attractive
   investment location for the near future. In autumn 2021, almost half of
   British companies surveyed and a large majority of US and German
   companies planned to increase their investment in China over the next
   year or two (British Chamber, 2021; AmCham China, 2022; German Chamber,
   2022).^7 Rather than reducing their China engagement, many companies
   have apparently responded to the challenges by further increasing their
   localisation efforts. For some time now, the majority of European
   companies operating in China have been producing in China primarily for
   the Chinese market and have increasingly been relocating their
   procurement (supply chains) and in some cases also their R&amp;D for the
   Chinese market to China (European Chamber, 2021b). In recent years,
   many companies have further intensified their localisation efforts to
   cope with economic and technological decoupling tendencies spurred by
   political tensions between China and mainly the US but also Europe
   (European Chamber, 2021b; German Chamber, 2022). COVID-19-related
   travel restrictions appear to have reinforced this localisation trend
   by (further) increasing local sourcing and local R&amp;D activities, and
   transferring technical and operational know-how and decision-making
   power to the Chinese subsidiaries (German Chamber, 2022b).

   Overall, the survey results suggest that the replacement of foreign by
   local employees is in part a natural, efficiency-enhancing process, in
   which Western firms take advantage of the growing reservoir of highly
   qualified Chinese workers with well-established local connections to
   reduce (labour) costs and leverage the specific knowledge and
   connections of local workers. The results also suggest, however, that
   many companies are being forced to accelerate this process – beyond
   what they consider optimal – due to significant difficulties in
   attracting and retaining foreign employees. In this case, the (forced)
   replacement of foreign experts by local talent may lead to substantial
   efficiency losses, e.g. in terms of international coordination and
   knowledge transfer within the multinational company. Although the
   number of foreign employees in Western companies in China is generally
   relatively small, they usually hold critical positions that require
   special skills, and they are of great importance in terms of corporate
   culture and the diversity of views in decision-making processes
   (European Chamber, 2021a).

Implications for the Chinese economy

   China’s long-term development goal as emphasised in the 14th Five-Year
   Plan for 2021-2025 is to promote high-quality development that should
   be innovation-driven and predominantly fuelled by the Chinese domestic
   market. Two cornerstones of this new development strategy thus are:
   first, promoting China’s self-reliance and self-improvement in science
   and technology, and second, strengthening China’s domestic economy and
   promoting self-contained domestic supply chains (Bickenbach and Liu,
   2021).

   The observed increase of local sourcing and local R&amp;D activities of
   Western companies over the past years and the amplification of these
   localisation trends by the COVID-19-related travel restrictions may, at
   least on the surface, be in line with the goals emphasised in the
   Five-Year Plan. Other consequences, however, run rather counter to the
   stated goals of the Chinese leadership. The loss of foreign experts and
   China’s reduced attractiveness to foreign talent as well as a decrease
   in knowledge exchange with headquarters abroad that was observed by
   many Western companies (e.g. German Chamber, 2022) are expected to have
   a negative impact on China’s innovation capacity and development. This
   will be felt not only by foreign companies operating in China but also
   by domestic Chinese companies and the Chinese economy as a whole,
   including through reduced knowledge spillovers and learning effects.

   In several key areas, Chinese companies are currently still far from
   the technological leadership that the Chinese government seeks. The
   desired greater self-reliance in science and technology therefore does
   not mean that China does not want (or need) to continue to benefit from
   foreign knowledge. In addition to an increased promotion of its own
   research and innovation, China will continue to seek knowledge and
   technology transfers from abroad. According to the Five-Year Plan,
   China plans to increase its efforts to attract technology-leading
   foreign companies and their research activities, as well as foreign
   scientific and technological talent. In addition, Chinese direct
   investment abroad and targeted acquisitions of leading foreign
   companies in knowledge- and technology-intensive industries are also
   likely to continue to be pursued (Xia and Liu, 2021).

   Similarly, China’s aim of strengthening the domestic market and
   promoting self-contained domestic supply chains should not be
   interpreted as a general retreat from promoting foreign trade and
   investment. The Chinese government also aims to further strengthen
   China’s position as a leading trading power and to foster its
   development towards a manufacturing superpower. For many specific
   technologically and qualitatively demanding (intermediate) products,
   companies in China are currently still dependent on imports and
   suppliers from outside China. China will therefore further need foreign
   trade and investments and the transfer of foreign knowledge to achieve
   its goals.

   Worldwide, the COVID-19 pandemic and governments’ policies to contain
   the disease have led to a sharp decline in international trade and
   foreign direct investment (FDI) in the first half of 2020. Due, in
   particular, to a relatively successful containment of COVID-19
   infections in China, the Chinese economy recovered earlier than many
   other economies. China thereby contributed substantially to the
   recovery of global trade and foreign investment flows, which surpassed
   their pre-pandemic levels already in 2021 (UNCTAD, 2022a, 2022b). Now,
   there is a serious risk, however, that the further development of the
   Chinese economy and particularly its foreign trade and investments will
   be impeded by China’s continuing travel restrictions and recurring
   lockdowns, and in a more long-term perspective by a continuing decline
   in the number of foreigners in China.

   While the negative short-term economic effects of the strict travel
   restrictions and lockdowns are already apparent (NBSC, 2022), it is
   still too early to empirically assess the longer-term economic impact
   of fewer foreigners living in China. The general literature on the
   relation between immigration and trade, investment and innovation
   clearly suggests, however, that the reduced number of foreigners in
   China is likely to have a negative impact on China’s foreign trade and
   investment as well as on its innovation and growth.

   A large number of empirical studies have clearly confirmed that
   international migration and the presence of foreigners increase
   international trade and FDI (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk, 2021).^8
   Immigrants boost demand for products or services from their home
   country, which is satisfied by increased imports or by companies from
   the migrants’ home country that invest and produce these products in
   the migrants’ host country. In addition, and more importantly in
   general, migrants can facilitate and promote international trade and
   investment by reducing information and transaction costs. They can
   provide information about products, preferences, business practices,
   etc. in foreign markets, improve communication between host and home
   countries, or reduce the costs and uncertainties of negotiating and
   enforcing contracts between trade or investment partners in the two
   countries (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk, 2021; Cuadros et al., 2019).
   Overall, the relevant empirical literature confirms significant
   positive effects of immigration on both bilateral trade (imports as
   well as exports) and bilateral FDI (inward as well as outward FDI)
   between migrants’ host and home countries (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk,
   2021). As for the relevance of personal characteristics of migrants, it
   seems that it is mainly migrants’ occupations rather than their
   education levels that determine their effect on trade and FDI. In
   particular, migrants in occupations that are more closely related to
   business decisions, such as managers and, to a lesser extent,
   professionals seem to have a positive impact on trade (Martin-Montaner
   et al., 2014) and FDI (Cuadros et al., 2019).

   International migration is generally also advantageous for fostering
   innovation in the host countries (Breschi et al., 2016; Venturini et
   al., 2018). High-skilled immigrants bring with them skills and
   knowledge that are generally in high demand in the host countries and
   provide complementary inputs that are crucial for knowledge creation
   and innovation (Stephan and Levin, 2001). Their different cultural
   backgrounds increase local cultural diversity which fosters creativity
   and has a positive impact on patenting and innovation and
   entrepreneurship, especially in knowledge- or technology-intensive
   sectors (e.g. Rodríguez-Pose and Hardy, 2015; Niebuhr, 2010). The
   generally more risk-loving attitude of migrants (Huber and Nowotny,
   2020) is an additional feature favouring the uptake of innovation and
   entrepreneurial activities. The presence of foreign managers and
   experts in the local subsidiaries of foreign multinationals facilitates
   an international knowledge transfer within the multinationals and
   increasing productivity in the subsidiaries (Golob Šušteršič and Zajc
   Kejžar, 2019), which may then spill over to local firms particularly
   with increasing localisation of R&amp;D activities of the multinationals.^9

   In light of these general findings, fewer foreigners living in China
   may mean that China misses opportunities to further intensify its
   international engagement via trade and investments, to speed up
   innovation and to achieve its ambitious growth and development goals.

Conclusions

   In several Chinese provinces, including some of its most international
   ones like Beijing and Shanghai, the number of immigrants has declined
   in 2020 compared to 2010. Over the more than two years of
   pandemic-related travel restrictions, the number of foreigners crossing
   China’s border has decreased dramatically and the number of foreigners
   permanently living in China has further declined. Given the
   continuation of strict COVID-19 restrictions, China’s selective and
   still quite restrictive migration policy, and the increasing resentment
   among the public toward foreigners, the number of foreigners living in
   China may well decline even further in the future.

   The travel restrictions and declining foreign workforce have posed huge
   challenges for both Western multinationals operating in China and the
   Chinese economy as a whole. Many multinationals appear to have
   responded to these challenges by further increasing their localisation
   efforts, partially rather out of necessity and at the expense of firm
   performance. For China as a whole, the declining number of foreign
   experts means that the country may miss opportunities for beneficial
   foreign trade and investments as well as technology transfer and
   innovation, leading to losses in growth and development potential.

   The effects of China’s declining foreign workforce and foreign
   population more generally are not confined to the Chinese economy
   exclusively, however. They are expected to spill over to the world
   economy, above all, via its negative impact on international trade and
   investment. Europe, with its many companies operating in China and
   intensive trade and investment relations, is likely to be affected
   particularly strongly. The “people-to-people decoupling” spurred by
   travel restrictions and the declining number of foreigners in China
   more generally could become another amplifier of the more general
   economic and technological decoupling tendencies between China and the
   West. And it will further reduce mutual understanding between China and
   the West not only in business but also in politics and society at
   large.
     * 1 Immigrants in this paper include residents from Hong Kong, Macao
       and Taiwan as well as foreigners from outside the Greater China
       region living in mainland China.
     * 2 This figure refers to mainland Chinese living in China, i.e.
       excluding immigrants in mainland China.
     * 3 In Yunnan, the large majority of foreigners are migrant workers
       from neighbouring countries Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos, who have
       been attracted by large disparities in labour markets between
       Yunnan and these neighbouring countries. In addition, there has
       been a booming cross-border marriage market, attracting many
       migrant women to Yunnan. Percentage of immigrants in Yunnan as a
       share of all immigrants in China has increased from less than 5% in
       2010 to about 27% in 2020.
     * 4 The estimation assumes that the number of residents from Hong
       Kong, Macao and Taiwan in Yunnan has grown at the same rate as for
       China as a whole (37.2%).
     * 5 In Beijing and Shanghai, the shares of foreigners were about
       84.8% and 68.8%, respectively, of the total number of immigrants in
       2010 (NBSC, 2012).
     * 6 About one quarter of respondents named the Individual Income Tax
       (IIT) reform, which was planned to take effect on 1 January 2022,
       but was postponed by two years in December 2021. The reform
       stipulated the elimination of tax exemptions for certain benefits
       for foreigners (e.g. for housing expenses, children’s education
       expenses, language training expenses and home leave expenses),
       which would have resulted in larger tax liabilities for many
       foreign employees.
     * 7 The Omicron outbreaks and subsequent strict lockdowns in Shanghai
       and several other Chinese provinces in spring 2022 seem to have
       soured the investment plans of US companies in China, however. By
       end of March 2022, 17% (29%) of the respondents to a small-scale
       survey of American companies in China stated that the recent
       Omicron outbreak led to a decrease (delay) of planned investments.
       About 50% of companies said they would reduce investments if the
       current COVID-19 restrictions remain in place for the next year
       (AmCham China and AmCham Shanghai, 2022).
     * 8 Most of the studies on the relation between immigration and trade
       and immigration and FDI relate to the effects of immigration to
       North American or European countries. The validity of the results
       for immigration to China is therefore empirically still an open
       question. From a theoretical perspective, however, the trade and
       investment promoting effects of migrants are expected to be larger
       for countries that are less similar culturally and for less
       developed countries, where institutions are weaker and doing
       business with foreigners entails a higher degree of insecurity.
       Migrants may therefore be expected to have a particularly large
       impact on Western companies’ trade and investment relations with
       China.
     * 9 Most of the studies on the migration-innovation nexus focus on
       the US and Europe as host countries. Findings from Bahar et al.
       (2022) suggest, however, that the positive innovation impact of
       international migration is not limited to the developed countries,
       but have also helped to increase innovation in emerging economies.

References

   AmCham China (2022), China Business Climate Report 2022,
   https://www.amchamchina.org/2022-china-business-climate-survey-report/
   (1 April 2022).

   AmCham China and AmCham Shanghai (2022), AmCham China and AmCham
   Shanghai Joint Survey on COVID-19 Business Impact,
   https://www.amcham-shanghai.org/preview (7 April 2022).

   Bahar, D., P. Choudhury, J. M. Sappenfield and S. Signorelli (2022),
   Human Mobility and the Globalization of Knowledge Production: Causal
   Evidence from Multinational Enterprises, Harvard Business School
   Working Paper, 22-047.

   Bickenbach, F. and W.-H. Liu (2021), Chinas neuer Fünfjahresplan:
   Wirtschaftliche Kernelemente und Implikationen für Deutschland und
   Europa, Kiel Focus, 04/21.

   Breschi, S., F. Lissoni and C. N. Temgoua (2016), Migration and
   Innovation: A Survey of Recent Studies, in R. Shearmur, C.
   Carrincazeaux and D. Doloreux (eds.), Handbook on the Geographies of
   Innnovation, Edward Elgar Publishing, 382-398.

   British Chamber (2021), British Business in China: Sentiment Survey
   2021-2022,
   https://www.britishchambershanghai.cn/content/media/2021/12/British-Bus
   iness-in-China-Sentiment-Survey-2021-2022.pdf (1 April 2022).

   Cuadros, A., J. Martin-Montaner and J. Paniagua (2019), Migration and
   FDI: The Role of Job Skills, International Review of Economics &amp;
   Finance, 59, 318-332.

   Destatis (2022), Wanderungen zwischen Deutschland und dem Ausland,
   https://www-genesis.destatis.de/genesis/online?sequenz=tabelleErgebnis&amp;
   selectionname=12711-0008 (7 April 2022).

   European Chamber (2021a), European Business in China: Business
   Confidence Survey 2021,
   https://www.europeanchamber.com.cn/en/publications-archive/917/Business
   _Confidence_Survey_2021 (9 February 2022).

   European Chamber (2021b), Decoupling. Severed Ties and Patchwork
   Globalisation,
   https://www.europeanchamber.com.cn/en/publications-decoupling (1 March
   2021).

   German Chamber (2021), Labor Market and Salary Report 2021 | 2022,
   https://china.ahk.de/market-info/economic-data-surveys/labor-market-and
   -salary-report/ (14 April 2022).

   German Chamber (2022), German Business in China. Business Confidence
   Survey 2021/22,
   https://china.ahk.de/filehub/deliverFile/74912be3-ce50-45a8-8d33-282d4d
   60487b/1407744/AHK-GC_BCS_2122_web.pdf_1407744.pdf (2 May 2022).

   Golob Šušteršič, T. and K. Zajc Kejžar (2020), The Role of Skilled
   Migrant Workers in FDI-Related Technology Transfer, Review of World
   Economics, 156, 103-132.

   Hatzigeorgiou, A. and M. Lodefalk (2021), A Literature Review of the
   Nexus between Migration and Internationalization, Journal of
   International Trade Economic Development, 30(3), 319-340.

   Huber, P. and K. Nowotny (2020), Risk Aversion and the Willingness to
   Migrate in 30 Transition Countries, Journal of Population Economics,
   33(4), 1463-1498.

   Ministry of Public Security (2019), Ministry Press Conference of July
   17, http://www.gov.cn/xinwen/2019-07/17/content_5410621.htm#1 (31 May
   2022).

   NBSC (2012), Tabulation on the 2010 Population Census of the People’s
   Republic of China,
   http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/pcsj/rkpc/6rp/indexch.htm (2 February
   2022).

   NBSC (2021), Major Figures on Population Census of China,
   http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/pcsj/rkpc/d7c/202111/P02021112652366736675
   1.pdf (8 April 2022).

   NBSC (2022), National Bureau of Statistics Spokesman Answered
   Journalists’ Questions on the National Economic Development in April
   2022, http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/sjjd/202205/t20220516_1830518.html
   (31 May 2022).

   NIA (2020), 670 million Arrivals and Departures in 2019,
   https://www.nia.gov.cn/n741440/n741567/c1199336/content.html (2
   February 2022).

   NIA (2022), Key Numbers to Regulate Immigration in 2021,
   https://www.nia.gov.cn/n897453/c1468017/content.html (2 February 2022).

   Niebuhr, A. (2010), Migration and Innovation: Does Cultural Diversity
   Matter for Regional R&amp;D Activity?, Papers in Regional Science, 89(3),
   563-585.

   Pieke, F. N. (2014), Emerging Markets and Migration Policy: China,
   French Institute of International Relations,
   https://www.ifri.org/en/publications/notes-de-lifri/emerging-markets-an
   d-migration-policy-china (2 May 2022).

   Rodríguez-Pose, A. and D. Hardy (2015), Cultural Diversity and
   Entrepreneurship in England and Wales, Environment and Planning A:
   Economy and Space, 47(2), 392-411.

   SBS (2014-2019), Shanghai Statistical Yearbook 2014-2019,
   http://tjj.sh.gov.cn/tjnj/index.html (13 April 2022).

   Speelman, T. (2020, 21 December), Chinese Attitudes Toward Immigrants:
   Emerging, Divided Views, The Diplomat.

   Stephan, P. E. and S. G. Levin (2001), Exceptional Contributions to US
   Science by the Foreign-Born and Foreign-Educated, Population Research
   and Policy Review, 20, 59-79.

   That’s Shanghai (2022), 85% of Shanghai Expats Rethinking Their Future
   in China,
   https://www.thatsmags.com/china/post/34336/survey-85-of-foreigners-reth
   inking-their-future-in-china (27 April 2022).

   Wang, H. (2012), China’s Competition for Global Talents: Strategy,
   Policy and Recommendations, Research Reports, May 24, Asia Pacific
   Foundation of Canada,
   https://www.asiapacific.ca/sites/default/files/filefield/researchreport
   v7.pdf (10 April 2022).

   UNDESA (2022), International Migrant Stock 2019: Country Profiles,
   https://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/data/estima
   tes2/countryprofiles.asp (8 April 2022).

   UNCTAD (2022a), Global Investment Trend Monitor, 40,
   https://unctad.org/webflyer/global-investment-trend-monitor-no-40 (31
   May 2022).

   UNCTAD (2022b), Global Trade Update (February 2022),
   https://unctad.org/webflyer/global-trade-update-february-2022 (31 May
   2022).

   Venturini, A., S. Kalantaryan and C. Fassio (2018), High-Skilled
   Immigration and Innovation, in M. Czaika (ed.), High Skilled Migration,
   Oxford University Press, 151-175.

   Xia, X. and W.-H. Liu (2021), China’s Investments in Germany and the
   Role of COVID-19 Pandemic, Intereconomics, 56(2), 113-119,
   https://www.intereconomics.eu/contents/year/2021/number/2/article/china
   -s-investments-in-germany-and-the-impact-of-the-covid-19-pandemic-6523.
   html (2. September 2022).

   Zhu, G. and R. Price (2013), Chinese Immigration Law and Policy: A Case
   of ‘Change Your Direction or End Up Where You are Heading’?, Columbia
   Journal of Asian Law, 26(1).

   © The Author(s) 2022

   Open Access: This article is distributed under the terms of the
   Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
   (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

   Open Access funding provided by ZBW – Leibniz Information Centre for
   Economics.

   Springer Link
   DOI: 10.1007/s10272-022-1075-0

Search results on EconBiz

     * How do low-skilled immigrants adjust to Chinese import shocks? :
       evidence using English language proficiency
       Furtado, Delia; Kong, Haiyang
     * South-South labour migration and the impact of the informal
       China-Ghana gold rush 2008-13
       Botchwey, Gabriel; Crawford, Gordon; Loubere, Nicholas; Lu, Jixia
     * Afro-Chinese labour migration
       Obeng-Odoom, Franklin
     * Are Poland and Ukraine gravity centres for each other? Study on the
       labour migration patterns
       Sokołowicz, Mariusz E.; Lishchynskyy, Ihor
     * Are Poland and Ukraine gravity centres for each other? : study on
       the labour migration patterns
       Sokołowicz, Mariusz E.; Lishchynskyy, Ihor

   Show all results

Related articles in Intereconomics

     * Integration of Immigrants in European Labour Markets
       Mikkel Barslund; Pieter Bevelander; Matthias Busse; Nahikari
       Irastorza; Yuliya Kosyakova; Nadzeya Laurentsyeva; Karolien
       Lenaerts; Lars Ludolph; Vilde Renman; Steffen Sirries; Arthur
       Sweetman; Alessandra Venturini
     * Large-Scale Immigration and Labour Market Integration: First
       Lessons from the Recent Past in Germany
       Yuliya Kosyakova; Steffen Sirries
     * The Labour Market Participation of Humanitarian Migrants in Sweden:
       An Overview
       Pieter Bevelander; Nahikari Irastorza
     * Canada’s Immigration System: Lessons for Europe?
       Arthur Sweetman
     * 2017: The Year of European Populism?
       Clemens Fuest

Subscribe to our newsletter

   Sign up now

   Intereconomics is published by ZBW – Leibniz Information Centre for
   Economics and CEPS – Centre for European Policy Studies. Intereconomics
   is a platform for the publication of policy relevant aspects of
   economic research. It provides up-to-date information for policymakers
   and supports the exchange of ideas for the improvement of policy
   approaches. Intereconomics represents over 50 years of economic policy
   oriented publishing.

   More about us

   Home
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

     * Events
     * About us
     * Submissions
     * Order
     * Contact

     * Imprint
     * Data protection

   ZBW – Leibniz-Informationszentrum Wirtschaft / Leibniz Information
   Center for Economics CEPS – Center for European Policy Studies Member
   of Leibniz-Gemeinschaft Springer
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-4">
<text>
   #The Haitian Times » Feed The Haitian Times » Comments Feed The Haitian
   Times » iCal Feed The Haitian Times » To some Haitians, another foreign
   military force would be “greatest humiliation” Comments Feed alternate
   alternate alternate alternate

   (BUTTON) Close

     * SIGN IN
     * SUBSCRIBE

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

     * Haiti News
     * Haiti Politics
     * New York
     * Florida
     * Haitian Diaspora
     * U.S. Politics
     * Event Calendar
     * Video

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

   (BUTTON) Close

   Skip to content

   |

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

   The Haitian Times

   The Haitian Times

   Bridging the gap

     * SIGN IN
     * SUBSCRIBE

   (BUTTON) Open Search
   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   (BUTTON) Menu

     * Haiti News
     * Haiti Politics
     * New York
     * Florida
     * Haitian Diaspora
     * U.S. Politics
     * Event Calendar
     * Video

     * TOPICS
     * Arts &amp; Culture
     * Sports
     * Opinion
     * Business &amp; Technology
     * Health &amp; Science
     * Travel

   Home » Haiti » To some Haitians, another foreign military force would
   be “greatest humiliation”

   Posted inHaiti

To some Haitians, another foreign military force would be “greatest
humiliation”

   Avatar photo Avatar photo Avatar photo Avatar photo by Murdith Joseph,
   Juhakenson Blaise and Onz Chéry Oct. 12, 2022Oct. 12, 2022
   gas station Residents walking past a gas station in Port-au-Prince
   during a fuel shortage in September 2022. Photo by Marvens Compere for
   The Haitian Times

   PORT-AU-PRINCE — The Haitian government’s request for international
   military forces to stop the country’s humanitarian crisis and restore
   security has raised the ire of many Haitians who insist Haitian
   institutions should take the lead. Calling the crises a ploy to draw in
   foreign forces in the first place, some also vowed to protest anew
   against such measures.

   “We should chain the doors of all offices of public institutions until
   Prime Minister Ariel Henry leaves,” said Ebens Cadet, spokesperson of
   Nou Konsyan, an anti-corruption activist group in Port-au-Prince. “We
   should also gather in front of the different countries’ embassies in
   Haiti, including the United States, France and Canada, to make
   ourselves heard.”

   “We do not accept the presence of foreign forces on our territory,”
   Cadet said.

   Henry issued a formal appeal Oct.7 requesting the help of international
   armed forces to restore order in Haiti amid its spiraling economic,
   political and criminal crises, aggravated by the re-emergence of a
   cholera outbreak. The request document, signed by 19 members of Henry’s
   government, states the leaders are alarmed by the risk of a major
   humanitarian crisis partly caused by armed gangs and asks for “the
   immediate deployment of a specialized armed force, in sufficient
   quantity.”

   “It is imperative to restart activities to avoid a complete
   asphyxiation of the national economy,” the document states.

   To many Haitians, the request is a threat to Haiti’s sovereignty, an
   insult to Haitian people — the chief reasons among a litany cited
   against foreign military intervention.

   “This decision is a sham for the authorities to bring in a foreign
   force capable of helping them perpetuate their power since they cannot
   lead,” said Valery Voltaire, a Port-au-Prince social worker.

   Cliford Andrieux, a resident of Delmas, is among many in the
   Port-au-Prince neighborhood who strongly reject the idea of yet another
   international intervention.

   “Ariel Henry is a ‘national threat’ who must be dismissed as head of
   the country following his call for a foreign force on Haitian soil,”
   said Cliford Andrieux, resident of Delmas. “If we allow foreign forces
   to trample our territory, we can start calling ourselves worthless.”

   “The bandits who prevent the Haitian people from living are at the
   service of the inequality system,” he said. “We’d be wrong to believe
   that foreign forces will come and destroy the system.”

   Economist Etzer Emile is among those who believe in supporting Haitian
   institutions instead.

   Subscribe to The Haitian Times for the most comprehensive coverage of
   Haiti and the Haitian diaspora.
   SUBSCRIBE FOR UNLIMITED ACCESS

   “Instead of agreeing to strengthen the PNH, equip it, treat it well and
   grant it the freedom to do its job, our leaders preferred to protect
   and facilitate the gangs to create an unlivable situation where
   everyone gets desperate and ends up believing that only the whites can
   save us,” Emile said.

   Nicolas Joseph, a resident of Santo, feels similarly about supporting
   the Haitian police force over foreigners. However, he added, Haiti’s
   government must set up trade and job training programs for the most
   vulnerable and cut off the flow of ammunition and weapons into Haiti.

   “A foreign force on Haitian soil is not necessary,” Joseph said. “We
   need help in materials for the police so that they are well equipped to
   stop the gangs. We all know that the country has already known several
   foreign forces, but they have done more harm. After their departure,
   the insecurity spread like never before.”

   Over in the Northern Department, scores of residents are also against
   the military intervention and said it is part of a plan that will not
   benefit Haitians.

   “Military forces invading Haiti would be the greatest humiliation for
   us,” said Blondel Joseph, 55, a Saint-Raphael entrepreneur. “They [the
   international community] created the problems. They wanted to kick us
   to the ground so we don’t have a choice when they come into the country
   and rule it again.”

   Also, Joseph and some others, say United Nations Stabilization Mission
   in Haiti (MINUSTAH) soldiers were accused of rape, human trafficking,
   having sex with minors and other crimes during their time in Haiti.
   That’s a downside they would not want to see again.

   Others said a special armed force will not resolve the many issues
   Haiti is facing.

   “Certainly their presence will calm the climate and that is all. It
   will not change the problems facing the country,” Pierre Rubens Ernest
   said.

   If the request is granted, Haiti would be seeing the presence of
   foreign military forces for the fifth time in about 100 years: a United
   States occupation from 1915 to 1934; the U.S.-led Operation Uphold
   Democracy in 1994 to return Jean Bertrand Aristide to power; UN
   missions under various names between 1995 and 2000; and MINUSTAH from
   2004 to 2017.

   Fritz Alphonse Jean, the provisional president designated by the
   Montana Accord, said throughout the history of foreign interventions in
   Haiti, they have never achieved their objective.

   “It’s a national disgrace that in 2022, there are actors waiting with
   open arms for a military intervention,” Jean said in a youtube video
   released Oct. 7. “They are waiting for the foreigner instead of working
   to find a consensus to put the country on the path of progress and
   social peace.”

Related

   Tagged: Ariel Henry Haiti, Ebens Cadet Haiti, Haiti protests, invasion
   of Haiti, military intervention Haiti, Nou Konsyan Haiti
   Avatar photo Avatar photo

Murdith Joseph

   Genevieve@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Murdith Joseph is a social worker and journalist. She studied at the
   State University of Haiti and Maurice Communication. She first worked
   as a journalist presenter and reporter for Radio Sans Fin (RSF) then as
   a journalist reporter for Radio tele pacific and writting for the daily
   Le National. Today she joined the Haitian Times team and covers the
   news in Port-Au-Prince-Haiti.
   More by Murdith Joseph
   Avatar photo Avatar photo

Juhakenson Blaise

   juhakenson@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *

   I am Juhakenson Blaise, a journalist based in the city of
   Port-au-Prince, Haiti. I cover the news that develops in this city and
   deals with other subjects related to the experience of Haitians for the
   Haitian Times newspaper. I am also a lover of poetry.
   More by Juhakenson Blaise

Onz Chéry

   onz@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *

   Email me at onz@haitiantimes.com
   Onz Chery is a Haiti correspondent for The Haitian Times. Chery started
   his journalism career as a City College of New York student with The
   Campus. He later wrote for First Touch, local soccer leagues in New
   York and Elite Sports New York before joining The Haitian Times in
   2019.
   More by Onz Chéry

Join the Conversation

   49 Comments
    1.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 12:45 pm
       Le Canada et Les Casques Bleu, L’ancien Premier Ministre Du Canada
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toWwtg2DMeU
       Reply
    2.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 12:54 pm
       UN , There are people watching, this organization is a joke, an
       enabler of neo-colonists .
       The Visual History of the UN’s Blue Hemlets and their Interventions
       around the world since 1958.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbM9CEfFezE
       Reply
    3.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:03 pm
       Le resultat de Les Nations Unis . Il veulent retourner pour faire
       les meme choses.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbWsJlVQhYE
       Reply
    4.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:09 pm
       Seulement Les Militaires ont ete retire en Haiti en 2019 apres une
       demande des Etats Unis , La Force Binuh qui consiste de policiers
       etrangers reste en Haiti.
       https://binuh.unmissions.org/en
       Reply
    5.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:13 pm
       Footage of UN peacekeepers (Uruguayans )in Haiti and other
       countries with UN military missions.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkzhxii_8Po
       Copyright (AP(
       Reply
    6.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:38 pm
       L’autre pays concerne par les Nations Unis pour envoyers des Forces
       Armee dans L:affaire Soudan du Sud- Soudan Du Nord, Guerre Civil
       dans le Soudan Du Sud -Darfur, Instabilite, et les pays regionales
       et leur interets dans le Soudan comme L’egypte, La Lybie, Le Maroc,
       et le Mauritanie.
       Reply
    7.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:46 pm
       The US Army and The Military Mercenaries in Latin America:
       Case in Point :Costa Rica disbanded in favor of Armored and Secret
       Police Units.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tj-TWVF2OQ0
       Reply
    8.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:02 pm
       Les Soldats Sri Lankais qui on cause le cholera en 2011 apres leur
       guerre contre Les Tamils de Elam. Les Nations Unix n’ont pas
       intervenu.
       y and history, the Tamil word used is ‘illankai.’ It was this wide
       usage of the term illankai and the understanding of its common
       origin that led to the approval of the term illankai in all the
       official documents. In fact, it could be argued that it was this
       welcome degree of understanding that enables the Tamils to identify
       themselves with this island as their country. The constitution of
       the day accepted the usage of this term.
       However, in recent times there is a demand to use the term Sri
       Lanka only and leaving out the term illankai.
       At least in the English media, ever since the late Mervyn de Silva
       with his characteristic journalistic flourish called the Tiger-led
       combat struggle against the state as the’Eelam war,’ the term eelam
       has gained an ominous significance to the Sinhala reader.
       In the minds of the Sinhala people, this word denotes separatism
       and is associated with L.T.T.E. attacks. The role of the mainstream
       Sinhala media in creating suspicion in the minds of the Sinhala
       people has been substantial.
       The absence of an institution which would help enable the fostering
       of understanding between the communities has only worsened the
       situation, and it’s also true that there had been no effort on the
       part of the Sri Lankan Tamils to communicate to the Sinhalese the
       real meaning of the terms they use.
       It is true that in the separatist demand made by all the militant
       organizations, the term Eelam is there, but it is a compound term
       with the qualifying word Tamil. Thus, the term is Tamil Eelam. In
       fact, TELO stands for Thamil Eelam Liberation Organization and the
       short in form L.T.T.E. stands for Liberation Tigers of Thamil
       Eelam.
       The operative part is Thamil Eelam and it means the Tamil part of
       Eelam. The term Eelam is a synonym for Sri Lanka and has been in
       use in Tamil literature right from the Cankam Period dating as far
       back as 200 B.C. to circa 250 A.D. Pattinapalai, a long poem of the
       Cankam period on Karikala the Chola king, refers to the various
       imports piled up at the Pukar harbour.
       Two of the commodities identified are ‘Eelathu Unavu’, ‘Kalakathu
       Akkaam.’ The first one means food from Sri Lanka, and the latter
       refers to products from Kaalakam (kedah). We do not know what the
       foodstuffs that were sent from Sri Lanka to the southeastern
       harbour city of Tamil Nadu.
       The Tamil- Brahmi inscriptions refer to an ‘Eelathu Kutumbikan,’
       meaning a householder from Eelam. Kutumbikan is the Tamil word for
       ‘gihi’ and therefore refers to a Buddhist. Incidentally, this
       reference indicates that there has been a free flow of Buddhists
       from Sri Lanka into Tamil Nadu and vice-versa.
       Later day Tamil inscriptions, especially one from the Chola period,
       refers to ‘Sinhalar Eella Mandilams,’ meaning the Eela regional
       unit of the Sinhalese. It is quite clear that the Sinhalese
       themselves had been associated with Eelam. It is a known fact Eelam
       constituted an administrative unit during the Chola period 1017 to
       1070 A.D.
       The term Eelam has cultural connotations and the first poet from
       Sri Lanka participating in the Cankam poetic gatherings was a poet
       call Eellathu Putan Thevan.
       To this day Sri Lankan Tamil literature is referred to as Eelathu
       Ilakkiyam. The contribution of the Muslims and Up-Country Tamils
       falls within the Tamil literature of Eelam. The Muslims are equally
       proud of the term as the Tamils are, especially when the reference
       is made to Sri Lankan Tamil Literature.
       It may come as a big shock to many to know of the etymology of the
       term Eelam. It is the opinion of learned Tamil scholars like the
       late Professor Kanapathipillai, that the term Eelam must have been
       derived from ‘Hela’. Thus in real terms eelam is an integral part
       of the helaurumaya (The hela heritage).
       When, after the 1972 constitution, the Federal Party was pushed
       toward the formation of the Tamil United Front and towards the
       declaration of a separate Tamil country, the term Tamil Eelam was
       not very much in vogue.
       It was the Tamil militants who popularized the term Thamil Eelam.
       Unfortunately, only the word Eelam is retained of this compound
       form, and this very word itself is now taken to mean a separate
       Tamil country. Given the long presence of the Tamils in this
       country and their devotion to this island as their motherland, has
       invariably led to the use of the term Eelam to denote the entire
       island.
       The Tamil word for Sri Lanka is ILANKAI. It is the Tamilicised form
       of the word Lanka. In Tamil language there has been no tradition
       for “LA” to be the initial sound in a word. Thus, the vowel sound E
       comes first and the word is pronounced as Illankai.
       This term it is quite old. Cilapathikaram, the Tamil epic that
       deals with the history of the Kannaki, the Pattini venerated in the
       Sinhala Buddhist tradition, narrates how Gajabahu brought the
       Pattini cult to Sri Lanka.
       The famous line in Cilapathikaram runs as follows ‘Kadal chool
       illankai kayavahu venthan’ and the word illankai is used here to
       refer to Sri Lanka. Cilapathikaram today is generally taken as a
       work belonging to the 5th century A.D. Thus the term illankai, too,
       has been invoked to refer to the island.
       In geography and history, the Tamil word used is ‘illankai.’ It was
       this wide usage of the term illankai and understanding of its
       common origin that led to the approval of the term illankai in all
       the official documents. In fact, it could be argued that it was
       this welcome degree of understanding that enables the Tamils to
       identify themselves with this island as their country. The
       constitution of the day accepted the usage of this term.
       However, in recent times there is a demand to use the term Sri
       Lanka only and leaving out the term illankai. The insistence of
       this usage has led to an interesting situation in which the Tamils,
       when they wish to refer to the Sinhala government, call it the Sri
       Lankan state and the security forces two are refered to as Sri
       Lankan state forces. The implication is quite clear that these
       institutions have nothing to do with the Tamils.
       If we have to develop a sense of understanding between the
       communities, it is important that the cultures of the other group
       are recognized and respected.
       The deprivation of the use of the term Eelam/Illankai for Sri Lanka
       would only foster a sense of alienation from this island and anyone
       who wants a peaceful settlement would understand the Sri Lankan
       Tamil psyche. It is wrong to impute meanings, which do not exist.
       Reply
    9.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:20 pm
       The United Nations is Not doing Doing Anything: Just keep on
       whining, enable neo colonist , neo imeperialism, and collect
       exhorbitant dues for unequal reprensentation.
       Reply
   10.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:22 pm
       ding to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ most
       recent report, the number of people forced to flee conflict,
       violence, human rights violations and persecution has now surpassed
       100 million for the first time on record. Of that number, over 26
       million are refugees – people who have crossed international
       borders to find safety — another tragic milestone.
       Millions of lives derailed, countless dreams and aspirations
       shattered. But not all hope is lost.
       On May 30, Manyang Lual Jok crossed the stage on McGill’s lower
       campus to collect his BA in Computer Science and Economics during
       Spring Convocation, just five years removed from the Kakuma Refugee
       Camp in Kenya, where he had spent more than half his life. A native
       of South Sudan, Jok fled his war-torn homeland when he was nine
       years old.
       Jok is the most recent success story of the WUSC McGill Student
       Refugee Program. Since its establishment in 1986, WUSC McGill – a
       branch of World University Services Canada (WUSC) – has sponsored
       over 60 student refugees to resettle in Canada and pursue their
       education at McGill. Currently, 15 WUSC scholars are pursuing their
       studies at McGill. WUSC McGill is in full preparation to welcome
       eight new scholars this fall, including, for the first time, two
       Afghan scholars. This is WUSC McGill’s largest cohort to date.
       Run by students, funded by students
       It is a program unlike most others.
       WUSC McGill is a student-run club of the Students’ Society of
       McGill University that provides a year of full financial
       sponsorship, integration assistance, and a community of support.
       The program is funded through a $4 levy collected from all McGill
       students every semester based on student referendum, which is
       administered by the Scholarships &amp; Student Aid Office.
       “The SRP is unique because this peer-to-peer resettlement is not
       the regular pathway that the government uses to resettle refugees,”
       says Alice Ishimwe, WUSC McGill’s Student Refugee Program
       Coordinator. “I’ve been invited to speak in other countries and
       they don’t have programs like this where youth are doing what
       organizations and governments usually do.”
       Five pillars of the program
       World University Service of Canada is a non-profit organization
       that fosters youth-centered solutions for improved education,
       economic, and empowerment opportunities to overcome inequality and
       exclusion in countries across Asia, Africa and the Americas.
       WUSC Student Refugee Program Local Committees operate on five
       pillars: academic integration; social integration; health and
       well-being; financial support; and self-reliance. WUSC works with
       over 100 Canadian universities, colleges, and CEGEPs to bring
       scholars to Canada.
       Reply
   11.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:37 pm
       February 2004, US, Canada and Chilean Troops invaded Haiti’s
       national palace either on the orders of President George Bush II or
       Haitian President Jean Betrand Aristide asked to be evacuated for
       fear of a looming civil war threat as the forces of former police
       Chief Guy Phillipe approached. Following later press reports, it
       was mentioned it was Bush who called in a favor to Ricardo Lagos ,
       former Chilean President who obliged , and many Haitians who don’t
       like Aristide never forget him for inviting South African troops to
       Haiti’s Bicentennial in in January 2004. Now fast foward 2022, with
       a sizable Haitian diaspora in Chile, a country that facing economic
       crises and PM Ariel Henri attended the inaguration of the newly
       elected Chilean President, yet he is focusing on Turkiye(Fka
       Turkey) controlled by the egomaniac Reyip Edorgan, former Mayor of
       Istanbul, Former Justice Minister, Former Prime Minister,and now
       the President who holds great influence in NATO as an associate
       member with same privileges as the European members Allies.
       ——————————————————————————-
       ding to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ most
       recent report, the number of people forced to flee conflict,
       violence, human rights violations and persecution has now surpassed
       100 million for the first time on record. Of that number, over 26
       million are refugees – people who have crossed international
       borders to find safety — another tragic milestone.
       Millions of lives derailed, countless dreams and aspirations
       shattered. But not all hope is lost.
       On May 30, Manyang Lual Jok crossed the stage on McGill’s lower
       campus to collect his BA in Computer Science and Economics during
       Spring Convocation, just five years removed from the Kakuma Refugee
       Camp in Kenya, where he had spent more than half his life. A native
       of South Sudan, Jok fled his war-torn homeland when he was nine
       years old.
       Jok is the most recent success story of the WUSC McGill Student
       Refugee Program. Since its establishment in 1986, WUSC McGill – a
       branch of World University Services Canada (WUSC) – has sponsored
       over 60 student refugees to resettle in Canada and pursue their
       education at McGill. Currently, 15 WUSC scholars are pursuing their
       studies at McGill. WUSC McGill is in full preparation to welcome
       eight new scholars this fall, including, for the first time, two
       Afghan scholars. This is WUSC McGill’s largest cohort to date.
       Run by students, funded by students
       It is a program unlike most others.
       WUSC McGill is a student-run club of the Students’ Society of
       McGill University that provides a year of full financial
       sponsorship, integration assistance, and a community of support.
       The program is funded through a $4 levy collected from all McGill
       students every semester based on student referendum, which is
       administered by the Scholarships &amp; Student Aid Office.
       “The SRP is unique because this peer-to-peer resettlement is not
       the regular pathway that the government uses to resettle refugees,”
       says Alice Ishimwe, WUSC McGill’s Student Refugee Program
       Coordinator. “I’ve been invited to speak in other countries and
       they don’t have programs like this where youth are doing what
       organizations and governments usually do.”
       Five pillars of the program
       World University Service of Canada is a non-profit organization
       that fosters youth-centered solutions for improved education,
       economic, and empowerment opportunities to overcome inequality and
       exclusion in countries across Asia, Africa and the Americas.
       WUSC Student Refugee Program Local Committees operate on five
       pillars: academic integration; social integration; health and
       well-being; financial support; and self-reliance. WUSC works with
       over 100 Canadian universities, colleges, and CEGEPs to bring
       scholars to Canada.
       Reply
   12.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:39 pm
       February 2004, US, Canada and Chilean Troops invaded Haiti’s
       national palace either on the orders of President George Bush II or
       Haitian President Jean Betrand Aristide asked to be evacuated for
       fear of a looming civil war threat as the forces of former police
       Chief Guy Phillipe approached. Following later press reports, it
       was mentioned it was Bush who called in a favor to Ricardo Lagos ,
       former Chilean President who obliged , and many Haitians who don’t
       like Aristide never forget him for inviting South African troops to
       Haiti’s Bicentennial in in January 2004. Now fast foward 2022, with
       a sizable Haitian diaspora in Chile, a country that facing economic
       crises and PM Ariel Henri attended the inaguration of the newly
       elected Chilean President, yet he is focusing on Turkiye(Fka
       Turkey) controlled by the egomaniac Reyip Edorgan, former Mayor of
       Istanbul, Former Justice Minister, Former Prime Minister,and now
       the President who holds great influence in NATO as an associate
       member with same privileges as the European members Allies.
       ——————————————————————————-
       relations with Türkiye, Chile has opened a new embassy building in
       the Turkish capital, Ankara.
       The building was opened with a ceremony that was attended by
       distinguished guests, including senior Turkish and foreign
       diplomats, bureaucrats and deputies.
       During his speech, Chile’s ambassador to Türkiye, Rodrigo E. Arcos,
       underscored his country’s eagerness to further improve relations
       with Ankara.
       Reiterating that Chile was among the first countries to establish
       diplomatic relations with the nascent Republic of Türkiye, he said:
       “Since then, we have developed a fraternal relationship based on
       our common interests, based on our national goals.”
       Drawing attention to the intense high-level diplomatic dialogue
       between the two countries, Arcos praised Turkish diplomacy for its
       professionalism and its efforts at the regional and global levels.
       Identically, Turkish deputy Orhan Kırcalı, president of the
       Türkiye-Chile Parliamentary Friendship Group, expressed his hope
       that the building would contribute to the further enhancement of
       bilateral relations.
       “We are working and will continue to work to develop strategies in
       many areas to improve our cooperation for the benefit of both
       countries,” he said.
       Speaking to Anadolu Agency (AA), Özge Tüysüzoğlu, director of the
       Chilean Trade Office in Türkiye, drew attention to the fact that
       Chile is the only country in the Americas with which Türkiye has a
       free trade agreement.
       That Türkiye’s exports to Chile increased by 140% in 2021 proves
       the success of the agreement, she said, noting that Chilean food
       exporters seriously consider utilizing Türkiye as a hub to access
       wider regional markets.
       Türkiye, with its location and developed infrastructure, is
       considered an ideal location, Tüysüzoğlu added.
       Türkiye maintains good relations with Chile in all areas. The
       establishment of the bilateral relations between Türkiye and the
       Republic of Chile traces back to the Protocol of Consular Affairs
       signed in 1913, during the Ottoman Empire era. With the Treaty of
       Friendship and Cooperation signed on Jan. 30, 1926, Chile became
       the first Latin American country to recognize the new Turkish
       republic.
       Our first diplomatic mission in Santiago became operational in
       1930, however, it was closed the following year. Later on, it
       became operational in 1944 once again and was elevated to the level
       of an embassy in 1954. On the other hand, the first Embassy of
       Chile in Türkiye opened in 1940 and the first Chilean Ambassador
       was appointed in 1957.
       Bilateral political relations gained momentum in the mid-1990s.
       Then Türkiye’s former President H.E. Süleyman Demirel visited Chile
       on April 1995. This visit paved the way for high-level visits and
       meetings.
       The then-Chilean President H.E. Ricardo Lagos visited Türkiye in
       2004 and then-Chilean President H.E. Sebastian Pinera visited
       Türkiye in 2012.
       2016 marked the 90th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic
       relations between Türkiye and Chile. Chilean Foreign Minister H.E.
       Heraldo Munoz visited Türkiye to address the 8th Ambassadors
       Conference held on Jan. 12-14, 2016. During this visit, an
       exhibition of the documents of the two countries from foreign
       ministries’ archives was opened.
       President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan paid an official visit to Chile
       within the scope of his visits to the Latin America region from
       Jan. 31 to Feb. 2, 2016.
       Chile is the only country in the Latin America and Caribbean region
       in which Türkiye has a free trade agreement. The agreement, which
       was signed on July 14, 2009, is in effect since March 1, 2011.
       The trade volume between the two countries was approximately $579.3
       million, with Türkiye’s exports totaling $343.8 million and its
       imports $235.5 million by the end of 2019.
       Reply
   13.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:52 pm
       The Petrocaribe Saga Continues: (The Players) RenePreval, Chavez,
       Maduro, Michel Martelly, Lamothe, Juan Guaido, Biden, Rep. Kennedy,
       Hillary Cliton, Portia Simpson Miller, Donald Trump, Raul Castro,
       Jovenel Moise.
       —————————–
       Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has extended Temporary
       Protected Status (TPS) for Venezuelan nationals from September 10,
       2022, through March 10, 2024, due to the country’s continuing
       severe political and economic crises.
       On September 7, 2022, DHS published instructions in the Federal
       Register regarding TPS eligibility and how to apply for an
       extension.
       The extension is only available to those already in TPS status.
       Eligible individuals must apply during the 60-day re-registration
       period that runs from September 8, 2022, through November 7, 2022.
       Failure to re-register during that period may result in a loss of
       TPS. Those with pending registrations or pending employment
       authorization applications need not re-apply. Upon approval of
       these pending submissions, applicants will receive a validity
       period that will extend through March 10, 2024. Those requesting
       extensions may also apply for travel authorization.
       DHS recognizes that it may not be able to adjudicate TPS holder
       applications to extend an employment authorization document (EAD)
       prior to expiration. Accordingly, those who timely apply during the
       re-registration period and have EADs that expire on September 9,
       2022, will receive an automatic extension of their employment
       authorization until September 9, 2023.
       Venezuelan students in F-1 status who are suffering severe economic
       hardship resulting from the crisis in Venezuela are eligible for
       work authorization and may request to have increased work hours and
       a reduced course load.
       While the renewal applies only to those who already have Venezuelan
       TPS, DHS may grant late initial registrations if the individual
       meets specific eligibility requirements, has resided in the United
       States since March 8, 2021, and has maintained continuous presence
       since March 9, 2021.
       Venezuelans were previously entitled to Deferred Enforced Departure
       (DED) from January 20, 2021, to July 20, 2022. However, many
       individuals instead applied for TPS over concern that DHS may not
       have extended DED. Confirming these concerns, DHS decided to not
       extend DED. Since then, TPS remains the sole humanitarian option
       for Venezuelan nationals.
       Reply
   14.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:56 pm
       Petrocaribe:
       ested in Haiti on charges of conspiring to smuggle 800 kilograms of
       cocaine into the U.S. and will be arraigned in New York, three
       people familiar with the case said Wednesday.
       The arrest Tuesday, coming just three weeks ahead of key Venezuelan
       legislative elections, is likely to exacerbate already tense
       relations between the U.S. and Venezuela and cast a hard look at
       U.S. accusations of drug trafficking at the highest levels of
       embattled President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist administration.
       The two suspects, Efrain Campos and Francisco Flores, were
       extradited from Haiti and scheduled to be arraigned Thursday in a
       federal court in New York, said a U.S. law enforcement official who
       insisted on anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to discuss the
       case.
       Michael Vigil, a former head of international operations at the
       Drug Enforcement Administration who was briefed by U.S. authorities
       about the lengthy undercover operation, said Campos and Flores were
       arrested in Haiti’s capital, Port-au-Prince, after arriving from
       Venezuela aboard a private plane. Both men were carrying diplomatic
       passports even though they don’t have diplomatic immunity, Vigil
       said.
       He also said Campos had claimed to law enforcement that he is the
       son of Flores and stepson of Maduro.
       Another person briefed on the incident, who agreed to talk about
       the case only if not quoted by name, said Campos is the son of a
       deceased sister of Flores and was partly raised by the first lady
       and Maduro.
       Flores, who Maduro calls the “First Combatant,” is one of the
       most-powerful members of Venezuela’s revolutionary government and a
       constant presence alongside her husband whenever he appears in
       public. The two traveled this week to Saudi Arabia for a summit and
       she’s expected to be with the president Thursday when he’s
       scheduled to address the United Nations Human Rights Council at a
       special meeting in Geneva called at Venezuela’s request.
       A former president of the National Assembly who is now running for
       congress, Flores became romantically involved with Maduro in the
       1990s while serving as lawyer for the then-jailed Hugo Chavez.
       Maduro was one of many leftist activists drawn to the charismatic
       junior army officer following his arrest for a failed 1992 coup
       attempt. The two formally wed in 2013 shortly after Maduro was
       elected.
       Venezuela’s Communications Ministry and Foreign Ministry declined
       to comment about the reported arrests, saying they had no
       information about the incident. Maduro and Flores didn’t issue any
       comment, while the president’s Twitter account highlighted his
       meetings in Saudi Arabia with leaders from the Middle East.
       American prosecutors have been steadily stepping up pressure on
       high-ranking members of Venezuela’s military, police and government
       officials for their alleged role in making the country an important
       transit zone for narcotics heading to the U.S. and Europe. The U.S.
       government says more than 200 tons a year of cocaine flows through
       Venezuela, about a third of Colombia’s estimated production.
       But while several Venezuelan officials, including a former defense
       minister and head of military intelligence, have been indicted or
       sanctioned in the U.S., and many more are under investigation, no
       drug probes had previously touched Maduro’s inner circle.
       The arrests come as Maduro’s government is reeling from an economic
       crisis marked by triple-digit inflation and widespread shortages
       that have emboldened its opponents. Polls say Venezuelans could
       hand the ruling socialist party its biggest electoral defeat in 16
       years in next month’s legislative elections.
       Michael Shifter, president of the Washington-based Inter-American
       Dialogue think tank, said Maduro might use the arrests as a pretext
       to postpone the elections.
       “He will blame the arrests on U.S. imperialism and see them as an
       attempt to undermine his government,” Shifter said. “The news could
       well eclipse some of the mounting, severe criticisms, including
       from the OAS (Organization of American States) secretary general
       and throughout the region, aimed at the regime’s abuses against the
       opposition.”
       Without mentioning the arrests, the president of Venezuela’s
       National Assembly, Diosdado Cabello, used his weekly broadcast
       Wednesday night to accuse the U.S. of trying to destabilize
       Maduro’s administration before the elections.
       “They attack him everywhere and are going to continue attacking,”
       Cabello said.
       Reply
   15.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:14 pm
       The United Nations is Not doing Doing Anything: Just keep on
       whining, enable neo colonist , neo imeperialism, and collect
       exhorbitant dues for unequal reprensentation..
       [{ Haitian Law Regarding Extradition}}
       ——————————————————————————————-
       wondered about the legality of the extradition of Senator Guy
       Philippe on Thursday January 5th, great is the confusion in the
       minds of many including our parliamentarians, what say the texts of
       laws in Haiti ?
       First of all, many speak of the agreement signed on 17 October 1997
       between US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and President René
       Préval, which would have served as a legal basis for the
       extradition. To be precise, none of the articles of this agreement
       makes mention of extradition, even when interpreting it in the
       broad sense…
       There is indeed an extradition treaty between Haiti and the United
       States, but it is dated August 9, 1904, and it is stipulated in its
       article 4 “None of the contracting parties will be bound to deliver
       its own citizens.”
       The amended Haitian Constitution, currently in force, is very clear
       :
       Article 8.1 “The Territory of the Republic of Haiti is nviolable
       and may not be alienated either in whole or in part by any Treaty
       or Convention. ”
       Article 41 “No person of Haitian nationality may be deported or
       forced to leave the national territory for any reason whatsoever.
       No one may be deprived for political reasons of his legal capacity
       and nationality.”
       Article 42 “No citizen, civilian or military may be distracted from
       the judges whom the Constitution and the laws assign to him.”
       This means, in light of the Constitution, that the intervention of
       the agents of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on Haitian
       soil in collaboration with the Brigade for the Fight against
       Narcotic Drugs (BLTS) is unconstitutional.
       Moreover, the Haitian laws of August 1912, June and February 2001,
       dealing with extradition, specify the procedures to be followed,
       including the intervention of the Ministry of Justice, the Public
       Prosecutor’s Office, the investigating judge until the acceptance
       or refusal of extradition. Note that Danton Léger, the Chief
       Prosecutor, said he had not been kept informed of the arrest of
       Senator Guy Philippe and was surprised that he had not been
       transferred to the Public Prosecutor’s Office after his arrest…
       Finally, at the international level the fact that Haitian law does
       not authorize the extradition of its citizens is known. The
       2003-2004 and 2005-2006 Reports of the Inter-American Drug Abuse
       Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States
       (OAS) recalled that “The Constitution of the Republic of Haiti
       prohibits Extradition of Haitian citizens” and “Haitian law does
       not authorize the extradition of Haitian citizens.”
       The question that now arises is to know on what legal basis Guy
       Phlippe has been handed over to the Americans, if however one can
       still speak of extradition in this case…
       So far, neither the de facto President, nor the Prime Minister, nor
       the Minister of Justice nor the police authorities, not even the
       American authorities, have given satisfactory explanations on this
       increasingly opaque case, which generates more questions than
       answers…
       ———————————————————————————–
       Reply
   16.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:47 pm
       50 Most Indebted Countries in the World: What Have the UNited
       Nations Done to help:
       Reply
   17.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:52 pm
       The head of the Organization of American States says he won’t
       interfere in an internal ethics probe into claims he had a romance
       with a staffer, and he insists he took no action to favor the
       younger woman allegedly involved
       October 9, 2022
       Share
       Secretary General of the Organization of American States Luis
       Almagro speaks during a press conference at the 52nd OAS General
       Assembly in Lima, Peru, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2022. (AP
       Photo/Guadalupe Pardo)
       Secretary General of the Organization of American States Luis
       Almagro speaks during a press conference at the 52nd OAS General
       Assembly in Lima, Peru, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2022. (AP
       Photo/Guadalupe Pardo)
       The Associated Press
       MIAMI — The head of the Organization of American States says he
       won’t interfere in an internal ethics probe into claims he had a
       romance with a staffer, and he insists he took no action to favor
       the younger woman allegedly involved.
       Luis Almagro made the comments late Friday from the capital of Peru
       at the conclusion of the OAS’s annual meeting.
       “We’re not going to interfere in any part of the investigation,”
       Almagro said.
       The OAS chief was reacting to a report by The Associated Press that
       revealed he is facing a probe over his purported relationship with
       the Mexican-born woman two decades his junior.
       Several current and former staffers, as well as regional diplomats,
       told AP that the relationship between the two was an open secret
       inside the Washington-based peace and democracy-building
       organization.
       Almagro refused to comment on the relationship, saying he doesn’t
       like to discuss his private affairs.
       But he said he would answer any of the OAS inspector general’s
       inquiries and was confident he would be absolved of any wrongdoing
       because he never favored the unnamed staffer in any employment
       decisions.
       “Unfortunately I’m going to be the person least informed about this
       process because I’m not going to participate in any phase of it,”
       he said.
       Almagro, 59, denied he was ever the woman’s supervisor and the OAS
       press office said that since 2019 she has worked in the
       organization’s Secretariat for Strengthening Democracy.
       However, in several online bios as well as in photos with Almagro
       as recently as March, some of them posted to OAS social media
       accoun
       Reply
   18.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:54 pm
       https://www.advocacyinternational.co.uk/project/advocacy-internatio
       nal-in-haiti-defending-and-strengthening-local-democracy
       Reply
   19.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:02 pm
       Why the U.N . Security Council is not calling an emergency meeting
       on this situation , since its founding in San Francisco, yet check
       how many its troops have been deployed to primary African countries
       or African people majority based countries, check its records, let
       it it for itself.It has always backed imperialism no matter what
       reform or resolution.
       Reply
   20.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:08 pm
       Guyana(seat of Caricom) Jamaica, ( ancestral home of Father of
       Current U.S. Vice President Kamila Harris) (Jamaica, and and
       defitenely Barbados.
       Reply
   21.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:08 pm
       https://www.kaieteurnewsonline.com/2021/03/01/the-ppp-never-opposed
       -guyana-becoming-a-republic/
       Reply
   22.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:14 pm
       Elections in Europe (Bulgaria Votes 2022) Right in the Middle of
       the Russo- Ukrainian War.We demand the same for Haiti.Peaceful
       transfer of Power.
       https://www.euronews.com/2022/10/02/bulgaria-election-exit-polls-su
       ggest-victory-for-ex-pm-boyko-borissovs-gerb-party
       Reply
   23.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:16 pm
       In Memoriam: Before the Eathquake, and Before the Petrocaribe
       fiasco.
       Reply
   24.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:16 pm
       https://www.ncronline.org/news/people/haitian-activist-priest-jean-
       juste-dies-62
       Reply
   25.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:31 pm
       The Right to Peaceful Assembly and Protest in Haiti: Ariel Henry
       was not elected, he was chosen by political actors in Haiti along
       with foreign consulates.He does not have the legal authority to
       order foreign forces to Haiti without conulting the Haitian
       parliament and the Haitian people.
       Reply
   26.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:35 pm
       Again Brazil: 230 Reais is Not Enough:
       NEWS | Sept. 30, 2022
       U.S. and Brazil Navy Conduct Bilateral Exercise
       By U.S. Naval Forces Southern Command / U.S. 4th Fleet
       ATLANTIC OCEAN –
       The bilateral exercise between U.S. and Brazilian forces focused on
       maritime security and strengthening maritime partnerships with
       partner nations.
       “The bilateral exercise continued to demonstrate collaboration and
       interoperability between the United States and Brazil’s Naval
       forces,” said Capt. Meger Chappell, deputy commodore of Destroyer
       Squadron (DESRON) 40. “We built on the lessons learned during
       UNITAS LXIII to further strengthen our ability to ensure maritime
       superiority in the region.”
       The United States and Brazil Naval forces built a relationship on a
       shared vision of free and open southwestern Atlantic Ocean, and a
       constant practice on eliminating illegal drug trade throughout the
       area. Both countries continued to work together and conducted
       bilateral exercises to strengthen regional consistency.
       “This was a great opportunity to build capacity and increase our
       friendship together,” said Brazilian Naval Capt. Rafael Zeque
       Monteiro, Commander, Brazilian Escort Squadron 1. “Safety is always
       paramount, but we learned greatly from each other.”
       The Lassen and the União safely conducted rescue and assistance
       operations, gun exercises, flight operations with an MH-60R Sea
       Hawk helicopter attached to Navy Helicopter Squadron “Spartans”
       (HSM) 70 and a Brazilian Navy UH-12 Esquilo Helicopter, and a Close
       Air Support Exercise (CASEX) where both ships are given a wide area
       to search for submarines.
       Working closely together, the U.S. and Brazilian Naval forces were
       able to build maritime relationships and partnerships together.
       “This bilateral exercise was an amazing opportunity to build on the
       bonds between the U.S and Brazilian Navies,” said Cmdr. Christopher
       Turmel, commanding officer of Lassen . “Sailors on both sides built
       capacity as we worked through a wide variety of exercises, emerging
       better trained with improved interoperability. Lassen was honored
       to be a part of this exercise.”
       Commander, Destroyer Squadron 40 (COMDESRON 40) plays a key role in
       executing our Nation’s maritime strategy by providing dedicated
       tactical support to naval operations in the U.S. Southern Command’s
       area of responsibility. The Squadron fosters unity and cooperation
       between the United States and its South American, Central American,
       and Caribbean partner nations.
       Reply
   27.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 5:35 pm
       It’s not about sanctions, it’s about accountability, justice,
       humanity. In a world that is becoming more multi polarized, while
       fragmental policy initiaves is causing more chaos for the world’s
       working poor whether it’s Haiti, South Sudan and people fighting
       for their lives to be heard, counted, valued, what Haiti needs is
       not the “Carry a Big Stick policy”, but help, A Haitian doctor
       trained in the US may not happy working in some conditions of
       Haiti, when he pledged to the US, Canada, France. This has been
       Moses’s dilemna after leaving Egypt.
       ————————————————————————————–
       Reponse to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 was swift
       and decisive.
       Shortly after the Russian invasion, the United States barred Russia
       from making debt payments using foreign currency held in U.S.
       banks, increasing the risk for Russia to default on its debts. In
       addition, seven Russian banks have been excluded from the SWIFT
       international messaging system, which facilitates financial
       transactions and payments.
       These sanctions were the “largest sanctions package in [the]
       Union’s history,” according to Ursula Gertrud von der Leyen, the
       president of the European Commission.
       To remedy the impact of sanctions on its economy, Russia has
       expedited cooperation with its partners, including China, India,
       and the Islamic Republic of Iran, to create a parallel financial
       system to the Western-dominated institutions. In doing so, Russia
       is pursuing two main objectives. In the short term, Moscow’s goal
       is to replace Western markets by expanding its petroleum exports to
       India and China, which are seemingly more reliable trade partners.
       The ultimate objective, however, is to create a system in which
       Russia and its partners can circumvent Western economic dominance.
       The practicality and effectiveness of such a system remains to be
       seen.
       The creation of a new financial system has been on Russia’s agenda
       for years. In fact, from the early days of the post-Soviet Union,
       Moscow has been trying to establish a common market with the USSR’s
       former republics. In this vein, the 1991 “Commonwealth of the
       Independent States,” an intergovernmental organization between
       eastern European and Central Asian nations, was created to
       encourage financial cooperation and mutual trade. This resulted in
       the establishment of the Eurasian Economic Union, or EEU, in 2014,
       a supranational institution that integrated the market of five
       countries – Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan –
       into a single market.
       Nevertheless, during this period, Russia remained more interested
       in creating a “financial hub” of its own rather than creating a
       “financial zone” parallel to the Western system. However, the
       U.S.-backed sanctions on Russia that followed the annexation of
       Crimea in 2014 demonstrated Moscow’s vulnerabilities. It is
       noteworthy that as a result of sanctions, the Russian currency, the
       rouble, depreciated by 100 percent.
       This helps explain why, shortly after the annexation of Crimea,
       Russia began adopting its “Fortress Russia” strategy designed to
       detach its economy from the Western-dominated financial system and
       diversify its economy. Two important measures bear noting here. The
       System for Transfer of Financial Messages (Sisteme Peredachi
       Finansovykh Soobshchenii) was devised in 2014 as a Russian
       equivalent of the SWIFT system and was designed to reduce the risk
       of sanctions imposed on Russian businesses and banks.
       Despite Russian declarations on the effectiveness of this system,
       however, SPFS has suffered from a number of shortcomings, including
       high transaction costs, system availability, and security
       requirements, which have undermined its reliability and usefulness.
       Meanwhile, the MIR payment system initiated by the Russian Central
       Bank in 2017 is meant to serve as an alternative to the U.S.-based
       Visa and MasterCard. MIR has already been accepted in 11 other
       countries. In addition, Russia has accelerated its efforts to
       de-dollarize bilateral trade with friendly countries such as China,
       Iran and India, and has been actively redirecting its petrol
       exports from West to East to turn Asia into the “default market”
       for Russian oil.
       A number of regional powers have also sought to detach their
       economies from the Western financial system. Since 2014, Russia and
       China have been strengthening their partnership. To shield their
       financial cooperation from potential U.S. sanctions, both nations
       have sought to eliminate the U.S. dollar from their trade with
       considerable success. It is noteworthy that in 2020, only 41.5
       percent of bilateral trade has been settled in Dollars, while in
       2015, 91 percent of bilateral exchanges were settled in U.S.
       currency.
       Meanwhile, Sino-Russian cooperation entered a new stage in December
       2021 when Russian President Vladimir Putin and China’s Xi Jinping
       held a video conference and jointly pledged to escalate bilateral
       efforts to set up an independent trade network to reduce their
       reliance on the U.S.-led international financial system. The
       Putin-Xi commitment was followed by the Bank of China’s decision to
       join the Russian SPFS in 2022. However, the Bank of China is the
       only non-Russian member of the SPFS, and China has not encouraged
       other banks to join it.
       India is another potential candidate for the Russian initiative. In
       fact, since 2019, New Delhi has been expressing its interest in
       joining the SPFS and replacing the dollar with rupee-rubles
       transactions. The evidence suggests that both nations have made
       significant progress in achieving this goal, given that the use of
       rupee-rubles in bilateral transactions has quintupled.
       The other prospective candidate for the Russia-proposed financial
       system is Iran, whose economy has been subject to suffocating
       sanctions for a decade. Iranian banks were cut off from the SWIFT
       system in 2012 as a result of U.S. sanctions. While Iranian banks
       briefly rejoined the system in the aftermath of the 2015 signing of
       the JCPOA (the Iran nuclear deal), they were disconnected again as
       a result of President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the agreement
       two years later.
       It is therefore no surprise that Tehran would also be interested in
       joining the Russian-led initiative. In this context, Mehdi Safari,
       Deputy Foreign Minister for Economic Diplomacy, told Sputnik in
       July 2022 that the two countries should de-dollarize their trade
       and build a similar system to SWIFT.
       Notwithstanding the efforts to circumvent Western financial
       institutions, the Russian system has yet to prove effective, due to
       a number of factors. The number of countries willing to join or
       cooperate with the Russian led financial system is limited. It is
       noteworthy that while Turkish banks had previously adopted the MIR,
       they have since dropped it under pressure from the U.S. and
       European authorities. The Egyptians, just a few days ago, did too.
       Additionally, some of the prospects for increased Russian
       cooperation on the financial side have more trade with the U.S.
       than Russia. It bears noting that China is a top trade partner for
       the U.S. with $521 billion worth of exports headed to the U.S.
       market in 2021. Meanwhile, the Chinese exports to Russia stood at
       $59 billion. Similarly, India’s top trade partner is the United
       States, and about 18.1 percent of India’s exports in 2021, worth
       $71 billion, were purchased by Americans, while Russia is not even
       among India’s top 25 trade partners.
       Therefore, it would neither be practical nor feasible for India or
       China to trade with Russia, at the cost of antagonizing the U.S. In
       the Iranian case, notwithstanding the growing political and
       military ties between the two countries, Iran and Russia not only
       don’t have a compatible economy, but they are natural competitors.
       Both nations are oil exporting countries, seeking to grow their
       markets. In fact, Russia is already competing with Iran over the
       Chinese and Indian markets by offering oil at a discounted price.
       Given the challenges discussed, and ongoing uncertainties over the
       readiness of other major powers to implement the Russian system,
       the future and effectiveness of the “fortress Russia” strategy
       remains unclear.
       For the moment, the weaponization of sanctions as a tool of
       punishment has indeed created incentives for some nations to
       cooperate with the West. But while American dominance over the
       financial markets have stymied the Kremlin’s efforts to establish a
       parallel system, evidence suggests that dynamics are shifting as
       more countries are conscious of their vulnerabilities.
       As the world moves toward a multipolar reality, there may be a time
       when alternatives are much more preferable to the U.S. dominated
       system. Indeed, the West should be concerned about China’s future
       actions, as Beijing is expanding its gigantic industrial and
       commercial capabilities at home and abroad. If it chooses to move
       closer to Russia in its quest to forge a new path, the
       Reply
   28.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 5:47 pm
       No More Tricks on the Haitian People: such as Match for Peace:
       Brazil should demand the UN reform or fold instead of fancing
       painting ot its outside walls, while classics painting are
       protected by gas guzzling SUVs that not even belong to the UN but
       to industry titans across the world.We would not be fooled this
       time:
       Reply
   29.
   Bruno Desssalines says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 7:48 pm
       Guy Phillipe and US troops at the Haitian National Palace (March
       2004
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0ONmaCjKDQ
       Reply
   30. Pingback: To some Haitians, another foreign military force would be
       “greatest humiliation” - haiti-info.com
   31. Pingback: Ariel Henry Requires Navy Intervention Amid Violence,
       Cholera Outbreak - Jaraa'id
   32. Pingback: Ariel Henry Calls for Military Intervention Amid
       Violence, Cholera Outbreak - Corruption Buzz
   33.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 14, 2022 at 8:53 pm
       Word from a Bekke Frenchman who used to Own Slaves(Jean Baptiste
       Victor Hughes from Marseille, in Guadeloupe which almost caused the
       French -American War in 1815 . Now France , Canada, Brazil,
       Portugal and US wants to gang up on a small country island that on
       the guise of international security.
       Article on the slave trade
       An additional article appended to the treaty addressed the issue of
       slavery. It reaffirmed the Declaration of the Powers, on the
       Abolition of the Slave Trade, of 8th of February 1815 (which also
       formed ACT, No. XV. of the Final Act of the Congress of Vienna) and
       added that the governments of the contracting parties should
       “without loss of time, … [find] the most effectual measures for the
       entire and definitive abolition of a Commerce so odious, and so
       strongly condemned by the laws of religion and of nature”.[14][15]
       Convention on pecuniary indemnity
       Reply
   34.
   africandias says:
       Oct. 17, 2022 at 11:49 am
       Colonianism in Africa is transported to the Caribbean: Gabon The
       Baka people, known in the Congo as Bayaka (Bebayaka, Bebayaga,
       Bibaya),[1] are an ethnic group inhabiting the southeastern rain
       forests of Cameroon, northern Republic of the Congo, northern
       Gabon, and southwestern Central African Republic. They are
       sometimes called a subgroup of the Twa, but the two peoples are not
       closely related. Likewise, the name “Baka” is sometimes mistakenly
       applied to other peoples of the area who, like the Baka and Twa,
       have been historically called pygmies, a term that is now
       considered derogatory.
       Two indigenous women in Gabon
       Baka people are all hunter-gatherers, formerly referred to as
       pygmies, located in the Central African rain forest. Having average
       heights of 1.52 meters (5 feet) on average as well as living
       semi-nomadic lifestyles, the Baka are often discriminated against
       and marginalized from society.[2]
       The tropical rain forest in Gabon, Central Africa where the UN
       holds a strategic office where some of the Baka reside
       They reside in southeastern Cameroon, northern Gabon and in the
       northern part of the Republic of Congo. In Congo, the Baka people
       are otherwise known as the Bayaka.[3] Some Baka are also found in
       southwestern Central African Republic.[4] Although the Baka people
       are located throughout the Central African rain forest, they are
       mainly concentrated in Cameroon as the Baka community of Cameroon
       represents roughly 30 000 individuals.Albert Swe
       Reply
   35. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Yours Headline
   36. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - SecularTimes
   37. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Verve times
   38. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - News7F
   39. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - swifttelecast
   40. Pingback: Nations think about sending troops to Haiti, regardless
       of troubled previous overseas intervention : NPR - Latest Trending
       News
   41. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Google News
   42. Pingback: NPR: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti despite
       previous foreign interference - NEWS BASKET
   43. Pingback: McGarvey Fall Update - McGarvey Haitian Adventures
   44. Pingback: NPR: Nations Consider Sending Troops To Haiti Despite
       Previous Foreign Interference
   45. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti despite past
       troubled foreign intervention: NPR - Daily News Report
   46. Pingback: Nations contemplate sending troops to Haiti, regardless
       of troubled previous international intervention - Wao Technology
   47.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 21, 2022 at 1:03 pm
       Haiti is recgonized by the U.S in 1862 by Abraham Lincoln after the
       US Presidency, and the American Civil War
       Reply
   48.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 21, 2022 at 3:07 pm
       The *Bahamas, Canada, Brazil , the US, Peru, want to invade Haiti.
       http://www.tribune242.com/
       Bahamas sold three islands to the Walt Disney Corp, and the State
       of Florida wants to remove tax abatement status for the Walt Disney
       Co which has contracts with some of Haiti’s factory owner to make
       Disney branded clothing.Don’t forget the Bahamas has turned down a
       constitutional referendum to allow Haitians living in the
       Bahamas.Because of covid 19- tourism is no longer a reliable source
       of income.
       Reply
   49. Pingback: US proposes military intervention in Haiti—again

   Leave a comment
   Cancel reply

   Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

   Comment *
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

   Name * ______________________________

   Email * ______________________________

   Website ______________________________

   [ ] Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time
   I comment.

   IFRAME:
   https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api/fallback?k=6LdXYXIbAAAAALFMJel0g6I
   SEq5HM-GP4nLPxjU0


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   [ ] Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

   [ ] Notify me of new posts by email.

   Post Comment

   Δ
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

Leave a comment

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

News

     * Immigration &amp; Migration
     * Education
     * Beauty &amp; Style
     * Lists &amp; Guides
     * THT Archives

Contribute

     * Opinion Submission Guidelines
     * Republishing Guidelines
     * Careers

About

     * About Haitian Times
     * Company Updates
     * Contact

   © 2023 The Haitian Times. Proudly powered by Newspack by Automattic

   [INS: :INS]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-40">
<text>
                                403 Forbidden
     __________________________________________________________________

                                    nginx
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-41">
<text>
   Institut National d'étude démographique

Choose a topic

Topics

   Choose a topic
     * Couples Family Sexuality
     * Birth Fertility Contraception
     * Life expectancy Mortality Health
     * World migrations discrimination integration
     * Housing Environment Territory
     * Gender inequalities
     * The stages of the life cycle Ageing
     * The world's populations

   Newsletter
   Open archive
   Press section
   [Agenda________________]
     * fr
     * en

   Search
   Rechercher : ____________________ Ok
   Scientific meetings
   Les Lundis de l’INED INED seminars Other meetings
   Glossary
   Partager
   Imprimer la page
     * About INED
       The French Institute for Demographic Studies or INED, is a public
       research institute specialized in population studies that works in
       partnership with the academic and research communities at national
       and international levels.
          + Who we are
            INED was founded in 1945, and in 1986 it acquired the status
            of an Etablissement Public à Caractère Scientifique et
            Technologique (EPST), meaning that it is under joint
            administrative supervision of the "Ministère de l’enseignement
            supérieur et de la recherche", of the "Ministère de la santé
            et de la prévention et du Ministère des solidarités, de
            l’autonomie et des personnes handicapées". The Institute’s
            missions are to study the populations of France and other
            countries, to ensure wide dissemination of the knowledge
            thereby acquired, and to provide training in research through
            research. INED’s approach to demography is resolutely open and
            interdisciplinary, implicating a wide range of disciplines
            including economics, history, geography, sociology,
            anthropology, biology and epidemiology. With its research
            units, the Institute promotes communication and exchange
            within the scientific community and between researchers and
            the general public while conducting numerous European and
            international research projects.
               o Our history
               o Our remit
                 In 1986, INED became one of France’s eight public
                 scientific and technical institutions (EPST), alongside
                 CNRS, INSERM, INRA and the IRD (Institut de Recherche
                 pour le Développement). The Institute’s overall missions
                 are to study all aspects of population, to provide
                 training in and through research, to keep the government,
                 public authorities and general public informed about
                 demographic questions and to disseminate French
                 demographic research internationally.
                    # Missions and activities
                    # Research Evaluation
               o INED organization
                 Nearly 250 people, including 50 tenured, or permanent,
                 researchers and more than 40 doctoral students, work at
                 INED; there are also 40 associate researchers. The
                 Institute has 10 research units, a mixed research unit
                 and 5 research support services, including the
                 Statistical Methods and Surveys departments
                    # Organization Chart
                    # Data protection - DPO
                    # Access to administrative documents
                    # Authorized signatories
                    # Scientific Integrity Referent
                    # Governing bodies
                      INED has several governing bodies: the Scientific
                      Council, the Board of Administration, the Evaluation
                      Committee and the Ethics Committee
                         @ Board of Administration
                         @ Evaluation Committee
                         @ Ethics Committee
                         @ Scientific Council
               o Key Figures
               o Reference Documents
               o Campus Condorcet
                 INED, the French Institute for Demographic Studies, is a
                 founding member of the Campus Condorcet. All Institute
                 teams are settled at the Campus’s Aubervilliers site and
                 actively working to make this new, comprehensive human
                 and social sciences research center a national and
                 international benchmark institution.
                    # The Campus Condorcet
                    # Humatheque
          + Calls for projects
            INED research projects are funded in part by the Institute’s
            budget line. They may also receive support from funding
            agencies like the Agence Nationale de la Recherche or ANR
            [French national research agency] and other public
            organizations, companies, or European Union programs such as
            the European Research Council or ERC and the Horizon 2020
            program.
               o ANR
                 Every year INED researchers apply for ANR project grants.
                    # The Agence nationale de la recherche (ANR)
                    # ANR projects in progress at INED
               o PIA projects
                 The “Investments in the Future Program” or PIA has
                 awarded INED ongoing funding for Laboratories of
                 Excellence (LabEx), Research Infrastructures of
                 Excellences (ÉquipEx), graduate research programs, and
                 the Institut Convergences. These structures provide the
                 population sciences with funding instruments to
                 facilitate the development of ambitious scientific
                 projects that will further increase the scientific
                 excellence and international visibility of French
                 research.
                    # Labex
                    # Equipex
                    # EUR
                    # ICM
               o International calls for grant proposals
                 In accordance with INED internationalization policy, the
                 Institute’s research teams regularly submit grant
                 proposals in response to international calls for grant
                 proposals, specifically in connection with the Horizon
                 Europe program, Erasmus+, and Hubert Curien Partnerships.
                    # ERASMUS+
                    # Hubert Curien Partnerships (PHCs)
                    # European calls for proposals
                    # International calls for projects
          + Partnerships in France
            INED regularly signs partnership agreements with a wide range
            of French organizations to formally establish scientific
            objectives and a cooperation framework. At the national level,
            the Institute is also strengthening its ties with higher
            education.
               o Universities
               o Scientific groups
               o Research organisations
               o INSEE
          + INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
            One distinguishing characteristic of INED is its ability to
            conduct research studies that cover not just France but a
            large part of the world. The international scope of the
            Institute may be seen in its many partnerships with
            institutions abroad and its active role in the world
            scientific community.
               o The European Union research sphere
                 INED is a key partner in major European demography
                 research programs. The Institute is involved in a large
                 number of projects funded by the European Union and in
                 the main projects of the European demographer community.
                    # Horizon Europe Program
                    # EDSD
                    # GGP
                    # Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions - Post-doctoral
                      fellowships
               o International framework agreements
               o Academic and scientific networks
               o Support for researcher mobility
                 INED supports international mobility for researchers,
                 viewing it as training and cooperation that helps refresh
                 and renew research questions and methods.
                    # Incoming mobility
                    # Outgoing mobility
          + Shared Science
            Knowledge is meant to be shared. INED is committed to an
            active policy of promoting access that is as open as possible
            to research data, methods, and findings on population.
               o Open Science
                 Through its Charter for Open Science, INED is committed
                 to promoting access that is as open as possible to
                 research data, methods, and findings on population.
                    # INED’s charter for open science
                    # Open access to INED Edition
                    # Data diffusion
                    # Research Practises
          + Joining Ined
            Because INED is a public organization, its staff and permanent
            researchers are civil servants hired on the basis of
            competitive examinations that range from vocational
            certificate to doctoral level. It also hires on a task- or
            limited-term contract-basis in extremely diverse areas.
               o Competitive examination campaign
                 INED recruits researchers, engineers and technicians by
                 way of official competitive examinations. On this page
                 you can find the latest examination announcements,
                 descriptions of currently available positions and
                 information on submitting an application.
                    # Researchers competitions
                    # Engineers and technicians, external exams
                    # Engineers and technicians, internal exams
               o INED recruts
               o Speculative applications
                 Use this section to submit a speculative application for
                 a job or internship at INED.
                    # For a job
                    # For an internship
               o Research careers
               o Administrative and technical careers
     * Latest News
     * Research
       Research at INED is organized around multidisciplinary and
       topic-focused teams made up of its own permanent researchers and
       associated researchers. Institute research units host doctoral
       students and post-docs for training in and through research. Over
       70 multi-annual projects are under way. For some, INED designs and
       carries out its own surveys—one of its specificities. Collected
       data are then made available to the scientific community.
          + People
          + Research teams
          + Research axes
          + PhD students
            INED is placing increasing emphasis on training in research
            through the practice of research. Every year the Institute
            hosts PhD students from France and abroad selected on an
            application basis. Students work under researcher supervision
            and depending on their thesis topic, they join one or two
            research teams. They are benefiting from INED work resources
            and its stimulating environment.
               o Hosting PhD students
               o 2022 Call for doctoral studentship applications
               o Applying with outside (non-INED-iPOPs) funding
               o Accueil "doctorant invité"
               o PhD Students
               o International Mobility
          + Post-docs
            INED also offers one- or two-year post-doctoral contracts to
            young French or foreign researchers. Recipients are selected
            on the basis of their competence, the quality and originality
            of their research project, and its relevance to INED research
            areas.
               o Call for applications 2023
               o Call for Application 2022
               o Hosting post-docs
               o Results of 2021 call for post-doctoral applications
               o Post-docs hosted
          + Surveys
            INED designs and carries out its own surveys. The data thus
            collected are accessible to the entire scientific community.
            The Institute has its own survey office, which defines
            sampling methods, assists in designing questionnaires and
            drawing up data collection protocols, and adjusts statistical
            samples. It is also in charge of making anonymized data
            available to others. INED’s survey catalogue and a description
            of the projects in progress may be consulted on line.
               o Survey catalogue
               o Surveys in process
               o Accessing data
     * Resources, Methods
       INED makes a vast body of resources on population available to
       website users, including the INED library, open to all and
       accessible on line; and presentations of statistical analysis and
       survey methods.
          + Statistical Methodology
            Research relies on a wide range of statistical analysis
            methods to process survey data and to describe and model
            demographic events and phenomena on the basis of that data.
            Alongside classic methods such as data analysis and logistic
            regression, several other methods have come to the fore in the
            last 30 years.
               o Event history analysis
               o Multilevel analysis
               o Sequence analysis
               o Resources and seminars
                 Seminars on research methodology and practices in France
                 and abroad, articles on method use, and extensive
                 reference lists are just some of the statistics-related
                 resources available
                    # StatApp
                    # RUSS Seminars
          + Survey Methodology
            Each survey is specific but all surveys include a number of
            requisite steps and phases. Important factors to be taken into
            account from the outset include survey protocol, sampling
            frame, budget, regulations, questionnaire testing, data file
            compilation, and quality assessment. INED’s Surveys Department
            handles most of the data collection procedures involved in
            INED research projects. It may assist with data production
            throughout the process or provide help on particular survey
            phases only.
               o Procedures
               o Methodological choices
                 Every INED survey is designed to investigate a particular
                 research question or set of questions. INED surveys are
                 “custom-made” and in many cases highly innovative.
                 Methodological choices are therefore a key phase of the
                 research. The time required to prepare the survey, design
                 questions, conduct and assess pilot surveys and, later,
                 to evaluate the quality of the data collected must not be
                 underestimated.
                    # Qualitative and quantitative surveys
                    # Data collection modes
                    # Questionnaire design and testing
                    # Interviewer training and data collection management
                    # Data capture, coding and cleansing, documentation
               o Statistical aspects
               o Achieving quality
               o Dissemination of findings
          + INED Datalab
          + Research Reports
            Ined offers you an overview of the Institute’s scientific
            production on a topical issue.
               o Bioethics
                 Recent social and medical advances implicated in
                 contemporary bioethics issues have generated many new
                 research topics. Several innovative research projects,
                 surveys, and scientific articles are now contributing new
                 knowledge on subjects such as assisted reproduction
                 technology (ART), surrogacy, and end-of-life. As the
                 French parliament examines a new bioethics bill, INED
                 will be presenting a set of resources and material here
                 that shed scientific light on several major bioethics
                 topics.
                    # Assisted reproductive technologies (ART)-surrogacy
                    # End-of-life
               o Covid-19
               o Older age and loss of autonomy
               o Child protection
               o Racism and Discrimination
               o Workplace Health
               o Violence and gender relations
     * Publications
       INED Publications has been in existence since the Institute’s
       founding in 1945, consistent with one of its fundamental missions:
       to disseminate scientific knowledge. INED Publications reflects and
       enacts the Institute’s commitment to multi-disciplinarity in
       demographic research by diffusing and promoting scientific
       production and survey results and findings to a diverse audience,
       thereby making solid scientific expertise and knowledge available
       for public debate on major social issues. Recently, the Open
       Archive has widened diffusion of free-access published materials
       while ensuring the continued preservation of INED researchers’
       studies.
          + Ined Editions
          + Ined researchers publications
          + Library
            Vast documentary resources on population are freely available
            on the INED website, including the Institute’s Library, open
            to all and accessible on line; a selection of related
            websites; selected articles by INED researchers on a set of
            population-related themes; and presentations of survey and
            statistical analysis methods. The Institute’s Library,
            Documentation and Archives service has become integrated into
            the new, comprehensive Grand Équipement Documentaire (GED) of
            the Campus Condorcet. The GED comprises the collections of
            over 50 libraries, documentation, and archive centers, all in
            the service of human and social science research.
               o GED
               o GED Catalogue
               o Thesaurus Demovoc
     * All about population
       A tour of the globe to explore its population.
       Use this section to: - compare demographic indicators for different
       countries; - help prepare for a class or an oral presentation; -
       find simple answers to your questions; - reflect on complex issues;
       - learn the basics of demography; - extend your knowledge through
       play...
          + Data
            All about population in Figures: tables on the French and
            world population and access to several online databases.
               o France
                 The latest data on the population of metropolitan France
                 (structure and trends) are given in a series of tables.
                 They are based on data published regularly by INSEE and
                 on INED estimates and projections. More complete datasets
                 dating back to earlier years can also be downloaded in
                 CSV format.
                    # Evolution of population
                      The tables for “All of France” bring together data
                      for metropolitan France and the four overseas
                      départements (DOMs). These figures do not include
                      Mayotte, which became the fifth DOM on 31 March
                      2011, or the overseas territories and collectivities
                      (New Caledonia, French Polynesia, Saint Barthélémy,
                      Saint Martin, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Wallis and
                      Futuna). INSEE includes the DOMs in its annual
                      demographic overview and in most of the tables in
                      its detailed annual study of the demographic
                      situation in France.
                         @ Total population
                         @ Projections
                    # Population structure
                      The population of France by sex and age is estimated
                      by INSEE each year. A provisional estimate is first
                      issued and final figures are published at a later
                      date. Censuses are conducted in certain years to
                      enumerate the population. The population estimates
                      are adjusted on the basis of census data, for the
                      whole of France and for the different départements
                      and regions.
                         @ Population Pyramid
                         @ Population by sex and age on January 1st
                         @ Population by age
                         @ Centenarians
                         @ Population by region and department
                         @ Municipalities
                    # Population change
                      The population changes from one year to the next.
                      Natural change is the difference between births and
                      deaths, and can be determined precisely from vital
                      records. Net migration is the difference between the
                      number of immigrants and the number of emigrants. It
                      is estimated on the basis of available statistics.
                      Adjustments are sometimes made to establish overall
                      consistency between census population figures and
                      inter-census estimates of population change. To
                      estimate its relative scale, population change is
                      often expressed in relation to the mean population
                      of a given year. Rates of birth, death, natural
                      increase and total variation are obtained in this
                      way.
                         @ Births, deaths, migrations
                         @ Fertility rates, mortality rates, natural
                           increase
                    # Births, fertility
                      Registered births are recorded in statistical
                      bulletins which provide a rich source of
                      information. Births are counted on the basis of many
                      different characteristics: parents’ marital status
                      and nationality, sex of the child, twin births, etc.
                      Information on the mother’s age is used to calculate
                      annual fertility indicators, such as the total
                      fertility rate expressed as a total number of
                      children per woman. Completed cohort fertility is
                      also calculated every year. For example, women born
                      in 1970 were 34 years old in 2004. We know how many
                      children they have had before age 34 and we can
                      estimate how many children they will have during
                      their reproductive life.
                         @ Total births by sex
                         @ Births outside marriage
                         @ Births by parents’ place of birth
                         @ Multiple births
                         @ Changes in fertility
                         @ Mean age at maternity
                         @ Cohort fertility
                    # Abortion, contraception
                      Fertility can be controlled by means of
                      contraception and induced abortion. Information on
                      contraceptive practice in France is obtained through
                      surveys conducted regularly by INED since 1978 among
                      the entire female population. The number of induced
                      abortions is estimated on the basis of abortion
                      notifications and hospital statistics. INED is
                      responsible for publication of abortion statistics.
                         @ Abortions
                         @ Contraception
                    # Marriages, divorces, Civil Unions (Pacs)
                      Marriage registers provide a rich source of
                      information on marriage practices: number of
                      marriages, previous marital status and nationality
                      of spouses, etc. Statistics on divorces and civil
                      unions (PACS) are supplied by the Ministry of
                      Justice.
                         @ Marriage and nuptiality
                         @ First Marriages and Remarriages
                         @ Cohort nuptiality
                         @ Mixed marriages
                         @ Divorces
                         @ Civil unions (PACS)
                    # Couples, households, families
                      The first task in a population census is to
                      enumerate dwellings. Persons living in the same
                      dwelling form a household, so each household
                      comprises all the persons living in a single
                      dwelling. According to the census definitions, a
                      household may comprise one or more families. A
                      family is a group of persons comprising a couple
                      with no children, a couple with children, or one
                      adult and his/her children.
                         @ Couples
                         @ Household size
                         @ Household structure
                         @ Structure of families with child(ren)
                         @ Number of child(ren) in the family
                         @ Children of families
                    # Deaths, causes of mortality
                      Death registers provide a means to measure
                      variations in mortality. Deaths by sex and age are
                      used to construct life tables which give life
                      expectancy at birth, i.e. the number of years a
                      newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of
                      mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the
                      same throughout its life. The mortality of children
                      under the age of one year is also specifically
                      calculated. When a person dies, a doctor records the
                      cause of death on a death certificate which is sent
                      to INSERM where all causes of death are coded.
                         @ Life expectancy
                         @ Life table
                         @ Total deaths by sex
                         @ Mortality rates by sex and age
                         @ Causes of death
                         @ Infant mortality
                    # International Migration
                      Two statistical series drawing on different sources
                      are presented. INSEE uses annual census surveys that
                      provide an overview of net migration and entries and
                      departures of non-immigrants and immigrants
                      (including undocumented foreigners). INED,
                      meanwhile, counts the number of non-EU foreigners
                      admitted who have obtained an initial residence
                      permit of at least one year (AGDREF file, French
                      Interior Ministry).
                         @ Migration flows of immigrants
                         @ Migration flows of non-immigrants
                         @ Characteristics of immigration flows
                         @ Residence permits by continent of origin
                         @ Residence permits by nationality
                         @ Residence permits by reasons for admission
                    # Immigrants and immigrant descendants
                      Population censuses provide an opportunity to count
                      the number of inhabitants who were born outside
                      France. Among foreign-born inhabitants, a
                      distinction is generally made between persons born
                      with French nationality and immigrants, who are born
                      with a different nationality. Inhabitants are
                      distinguished by their nationality, i.e. French or
                      foreign and, among French citizens, those who were
                      born French and those who have been naturalized. The
                      census provides information on current nationality
                      and nationality at birth. Foreigners and immigrants
                      form two different categories. Immigrants "born
                      abroad as a foreign national" may still be
                      foreigners at the time of the census or may have
                      become French. Foreigners, for their part, may have
                      been born abroad (in which case they are immigrants)
                      or in France (in which case they are not
                      immigrants).
                         @ Immigrant and foreign population
                         @ Immigrants by country of birth
                         @ Descendants of immigrants by country of origin
                         @ Descendants of immigrants by age and country of
                           origin
               o European and developed countries
                 This section provides data tables on populations, births
                 and deaths in Europe and in developed countries. It also
                 includes indicators of population change (birth and death
                 rates) and the two main demographic indicators: the total
                 fertility rate and life expectancy at birth.
                    # Population, births, deaths
                    # Births, deaths and infant mortality
                    # Total fertility rate
                    # Life expectancy at birth
               o All countries
               o World Projections
                 The World Population Prospects publication provides
                 United Nations population estimates for all countries in
                 the world for each year between 1950 and 2020 and
                 projections under different scenarios (low, medium and
                 high) for each year between 2020 and 2100. The figures
                 presented here correspond to the projections for the
                 current year in the medium scenario.
                    # Projections by countries
                    # Projections by continent
               o Detailed data
          + Graphs and maps
            An atlas, interactive maps, an animated film on migrations and
            annotated graphs that will enable you to visualize and
            understand world demographic trends and the issues they
            involve.
               o World Population in graphs
               o World Population Maps
               o International Migrations
               o Interpreted graphs
               o Mobiliscope
          + Population games and animation
            With the population simulator and INED’s interactive games and
            quizzes, mastering the main concepts of demography, from
            projections to fertility factors, becomes (almost) child’s
            play.
               o The World Population
               o Life Expectancy
               o The World Population and me
               o INED Surveys
               o Population quizzes
                 So you think you know everything about population? Check
                 how well you do on our quizzes.
                 Update: January 2019, based on United Nations World
                 Population Prospects
                    # Are you a demographer?
                    # Can you rank different countries?
               o Imagining tomorrow’s population
               o Family game
          + Demographic fact sheets
            Demographic fact sheets offer a brief, clear overview of
            current knowledge about populations.
            These materials—teaching kits, analytical notes, and
            interviews—summarize specific scientific questions and
            decipher the issues related to population questions. All of
            them may be used as tools for introducing students to
            demographic phenomena and demographic change in France and
            throughout the world.
               o Focus on
               o In our researchers’ own words
               o The issue today
          + Videos

     * Accueil
     * All about population
     * Data
     * France
     * Immigrants and immigrant descendants
     * Immigrant and foreign population

Immigrant and foreign population

   CAPTION: Immigrant and foreign population since 1982

                1982      1990      1999      2019
   Immigrants 4 037 036 4 165 952 4 306 094 6 378 273
      Men     2 178 816 2 168 271 2 166 318 3 106 537
     Women    1 858 220 1 997 681 2 139 776 3 271 736
   Foreigners 3 520 668 3 595 026 3 258 539 4 603 989

   Metropolitan France
   Source: Insee, Population census
   Download this file [XLS | 30.0 K.o.]

   Update: July 2022

Links for more info

     * Difference between an immigrant and a foreigner [Video]
     * The demographic situation in France – Journal Population
     * Immigrant and foreign population in France. Times series 1921-2021.
       INSEE
     * Population census. Foreigners - Immigrants in 2019. [FR]. INSEE
     * French, foreign and immigration populations in France since 2006
       [FR], Insee Focus, 38, 2015
     * Immigration statistics, Ministry of the Interior

Download

     * Immigrants by country of origin, 2019 [FR]. Insee [XLS | 8.7 K.o.]
     * Foreigners by detailled nationality, 2019 [FR]. Insee [XLS | 10.6
       K.o.]
     * International migration: what is measured (and what is not),
       Population &amp; Societies, n°594, 2021 [PDF | 617.9 K.o.]
     * Immigrants in rural France. Population &amp; Societies, 591, 2021 [PDF
       | 919.5 K.o.]
     * The number and proportion of immigrants in the population:
       International comparisons. Population &amp; Societies, 2019 [PDF |
       435.0 K.o.]
     * Women in the immigrant population. Population &amp; Societies, 2013
       [PDF | 970.7 K.o.]

     * Practical information
     * Legal information
     * Glossary
     * Public procurement
     * Intranet
     * e-Newsletter
     * Contacts

     * About INED
          + Who we are
          + Calls for projects
          + Partnerships in France
          + INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
          + Shared Science
          + Joining Ined
     * Latest News
          + Top Stories
          + Scientific meetings
          + Press centre
          + Our Researchers’ Latest Publications
     * Research
          + People
          + Research teams
          + Research axes
          + PhD students
          + Post-docs
          + Surveys
     * Resources, Methods
          + Statistical Methodology
          + Survey Methodology
          + INED Datalab
          + Research Reports
     * Publications
          + Ined Editions
          + Ined researchers publications
          + Library
     * All about population
          + Data
          + Graphs and maps
          + Population games and animation
          + Demographic fact sheets
          + Videos

   République Française Institut National d'étude démographique
   © ined 2023
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-5">
<text>
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K38TZKV

   Skip to content

   Your browser does not support JavaScript, or it is disabled．Please
   check the site policy for more information.

The Asahi Shimbun | Asia &amp; Japan Watch

     *

       ____________________ Search

     * Twitter
     * Facebook

   Language
     * 日本語
     * English

     * HOME
     * What’s New
     * National Report
     * Politics
     * Business
     * Asia &amp; World
          + China
          + Korean Peninsula
          + Around Asia
          + World
     * Sci &amp; Tech
     * Culture
          + Style
          + Cooking
          + Movies
          + Manga &amp; Anime
     * Travel
     * Sports
     * Opinion
          + Editorial
          + Vox Populi
          + Views
     * Special

   The Asahi Shimbun
   >gt;

   Opinion
   >gt;

   Editorial
   >gt;

   article

EDITORIAL: Same-sex couples of Japanese and foreigners need equality in Japan

   October 11, 2022 at 17:26 JST
     * Share
     * Tweet list

     * Print

   Photo/Illutration Andrew High, left, speaks to reporters with his
   Japanese partner in Tokyo's Kasumigaseki after the Tokyo District Court
   rejected High’s request for a long-term resident visa on Sept. 30.
   (Yuri Murakami)

   While same-sex couples of two foreigners can live together in Japan if
   one of them has residence visa status, a foreigner married to a
   Japanese same-sex partner can be denied a resident visa.

   This inequality concerning the visa status of gay couples remains
   unaddressed. With a growing number of countries legalizing same-sex
   marriages, the government should prioritize tackling this problem.

   In its Sept. 30 ruling on a case where a gay American man sought to
   obtain a visa to live with his Japanese partner, the Tokyo District
   Court said that the government’s failure to grant him a long-term
   residency status was illegal since it violates the constitutional
   principle of equality.

   The justice and immigration control authorities should take the court’s
   decision seriously.

   The American man has cried foul because he has been denied the right
   given to gay couples of two foreign nationals who have gotten married
   overseas with one of them holding residential status.

   In the case of such a foreign gay couple, the partner is granted a visa
   of the “designated activities” category for a long stay.

   But gay couples involving a Japanese partner are exempted from this
   special visa rule, which was introduced in 2013. That means it is
   difficult for the foreign partner of such gay couples to reside in
   Japan unless he or she obtains a resident visa based on his or her own
   occupation or other activities.

   The plaintiff in the lawsuit, Andrew High, and his Japanese partner
   registered their marriage in the United States in 2015 after the U.S.
   Supreme Court recognized same-sex marriages. High filed the suit three
   years ago after his application for a long-term resident visa as the
   partner of a Japanese citizen was rejected.

   The court pointed out that there is growing “demand for and interest
   in” same-sex marriages and same-sex partner systems and argued that
   Japanese-foreigner couples should be given equal treatment as
   foreigner-only couples.

   The court criticized the current system in which the residence status
   visa of the designated activities category is not granted equally to
   all gay couples, including a partner with a residence visa status, for
   running counter to the spirit of the Constitution, which upholds the
   principle of equality under the law.

   The court said High should have been granted a designated activities
   visa.

   In this century, same-sex marriages have spread globally. There are now
   more than 30 countries and areas where same-sex marriages are legal,
   according to the citizens group Marriage For All Japan.

   It is not uncommon for a Japanese national to be legally married to a
   same-sex partner overseas, the group says. But such Japanese-foreigner
   gay or lesbian couples face a major obstacle if they want to live
   together in Japan.

   This issue has long been recognized by the government. During a 2018
   session of the Upper House Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, then
   Foreign Minister Taro Kono said this was clearly wrong and the
   government was considering correcting the problem “in a forward-looking
   manner.”

   But there has been no improvement in the situation, apparently due to
   the government’s negligence.

   High and his Japanese partner have said they just want to live in Japan
   as a family. High can stay in Japan as a foreign resident by, for
   instance, obtaining a “business manager” visa as he actually did. But
   they should be granted the right to live in Japan as a family.

   The designated activities visa, which the ruling said should have been
   granted to High, imposes certain restrictions on holders’ activities,
   such as they cannot work without permission from the immigration
   control authority.

   The government should consider granting residence status as the spouse
   of a Japanese national to such foreign same-sex partners of Japanese
   citizens.

   The right to family unity, which means families have the right to live
   together, has been established under international human rights law.
   Japan should not remain a country where this right is not recognized or
   respected.

   --The Asahi Shimbun, Oct. 10

Related News

     * [a303de7510fbc8383a1de656fa6d34f1.jpg]
       Court rules gay American man should have been granted visa
       September 30, 2022
     * [a3eeca2265b980936f2c0c4a14574fa9.jpg]
       American in gay marriage to sue for residence status in Japan
       September 5, 2019
     * [5fc8da76c2ffe5072f9702e70c9a5e53.jpg]
       JR East refused to sell gay couple special rail pass for spouses
       August 21, 2022
     * [fe15d9feadf4def390a777f72a4c18f4.jpg]
       EDITORIAL: Ball is in the Diet’s court now to legalize same-sex
       marriages
       March 18, 2021
     * [469b1cb8b9ba3e375df91f100808719e.jpg]
       Osaka court rules same-sex marriage ban is constitutional
       June 21, 2022
     * [3e47506abb114207efec5a09195be1db.jpg]
       Tokyo set to issue same-sex couple certificates from Nov. 1
       June 16, 2022

     * Share
     * Tweet list

     * Print

     *
     *

Trending Now

   (*) Last 24 hours ( ) Last 7 days
    1. Photo/Illutration With a Ukrainian flying ace, ‘Ghost of Kyiv’
       manga a big hit in Ukraine
    2. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Woman killed while dreaming of
       ‘surviving in the United States’
    3. Photo/Illutration Kurokawa’s capsule rooms being reborn as
       exhibits, lodgings
    4. Photo/Illutration Osaka Metro’s ‘spacecraft’ subway train bound for
       expo
    5. Photo/Illutration Foreign students have uneven access to Japanese
       classes
    6. Photo/Illutration Couple trapped for hours high above ground at
       amusement park
    7. Photo/Illutration 2 missing after landslide rips through small
       northern hamlet
    8. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: ‘Progressive prosecutor’ loses
       post; debate on U.S. justice rages
    9. Photo/Illutration Interview: Don’t neglect Japan-U.S. friendship
       ‘garden’
   10. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Parolee arrested 5 times but
       released before woman’s death

    1. Photo/Illutration Man arrested after three found dead in Saitama on
       Christmas
    2. Photo/Illutration With a Ukrainian flying ace, ‘Ghost of Kyiv’
       manga a big hit in Ukraine
    3. Photo/Illutration Man accused in triple murder was arrested 3 times
       before
    4. Photo/Illutration Why do we sleep? Research team in Japan close to
       finding answer
    5. Photo/Illutration Bloodstained clothes found at home of suspect in
       triple murder
    6. Photo/Illutration Half of China’s 1.4 billion people projected to
       get COVID-19
    7. Photo/Illutration Apple Japan ordered to pay 14 billion yen on
       duty-free sales
    8. Photo/Illutration Japan to crack down on stealth marketing, target
       all media
    9. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Woman killed while dreaming of
       ‘surviving in the United States’
   10. Photo/Illutration Part of triple murder caught on camera; man eyed
       film career

   Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
   Taste of Life

Videos

     * Emperor, family greet New Year crowds for 1st time since 2020
       January 2, 2023
     * Osaka Metro’s ‘spacecraft’ subway train bound for expo
       January 1, 2023
     * 2 missing after landslide rips through small northern hamlet
       December 31, 2022

Recommended

     * Photo

        COVID-19 Update
                Visit this page for the latest news on Japan’s battle with
                the novel coronavirus pandemic.

     * Photo

        Taste of Life
                Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of
                food introduce their special recipes intertwined with
                their paths in life.

     * Photo

        Authors Alive!
                Haruki Murakami and other writers read from books before
                selected audiences at the new Haruki Murakami Library.

     * Photo

        Gender Equality Declaration
                The Asahi Shimbun aims “to achieve gender equality and
                empower all women and girls” through its Gender Equality
                Declaration.

     * Photo

        Inclusive Tokyo
                Let’s explore the Japanese capital from the viewpoint of
                wheelchair users and people with disabilities with Barry
                Joshua Grisdale.

   Asahi Shimbun on Twitter

Learning English

     * Asahi Weekly

   In-house News and Messages

Link

     * The New York Times

   BACK TO TOP
     * About Us
     * Site Policy
     * Privacy
     * Copyright
     * Contact Us

   Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No
   reproduction or republication without written permission.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-6">
<text>
   #Thaiger » Feed Thaiger » Comments Feed alternate alternate alternate

   Thaiger

     * News
          + Thailand
               o Bangkok
               o Pattaya
               o Phuket
               o Koh Samui
               o Chiang Mai
               o North East
               o Northern Thailand
               o Central Thailand
               o South
          + World Cup 2022
          + World
          + Environment
          + Crime
          + Politics
          + Technology
          + Tourism
          + Business
          + Opinion
          + Coronavirus (Covid-19)
          + Thai Life
     * Video
          + GMT (Good Morning Thailand)
          + TNT (Thailand News Today)
     * Property
          + Property News
          + Search Thailand Properties
     * Deals
     * Guides
          + Travel
          + Best of
          + Food
          + 360 Reviews
          + Press Room
          + Health
          + Cannabis
          + Education
     * Insurance
          + Property insurance
          + Health insurance
          + Health Insurance for O-A Visa
          + Tropical Disease Insurance
          + Personal accident insurance
          + Life insurance
          + Critical illness insurance
          + Cancer Insurance
          + Pet insurance
          + Drone insurance
          + Car insurance
          + MOTORBIKE INSURANCE
          + International Travel Insurance
          + Domestic Travel Insurance
          + Business insurance
          + Corporate employee insurance
     * Visas &amp; work permits
          + Employment Visa
          + Education Visa
          + Marriage Visa
          + Retirement Visa
          + Business Visa
          + Thailand Elite Visa
          + Tourist Visa
          + Visa Services
          + Work Permit
     * Join the Thaiger
          + Thaiger Memberships
          + Youtube Memberships
          + Donate to Thaiger
          + Subscribe to Daily Email
     * Forum
     * Advertise
     * FIFA World Cup 2022

   Connect with us
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   ____________________

   Thaiger Thaiger

Thaiger

Cambodia | Thailand’s LTR visa needs reworking to attract foreigners

     *
     * Subscribe

     * News
          + Thailand
               o Bangkok
               o Pattaya
               o Phuket
               o Koh Samui
               o Chiang Mai
               o North East
               o Northern Thailand
               o Central Thailand
               o South
          + World Cup 2022
          + World
          + Environment
          + Crime
          + Politics
          + Technology
          + Tourism
          + Business
          + Opinion
          + Coronavirus (Covid-19)
          + Thai Life
     * Video
          + GMT (Good Morning Thailand)
          + TNT (Thailand News Today)
     * Property
          + Property News
          + Search Thailand Properties
     * Deals
     * Guides
          + Travel
          + Best of
          + Food
          + 360 Reviews
          + Press Room
          + Health
          + Cannabis
          + Education
     * Insurance
          + Property insurance
          + Health insurance
          + Health Insurance for O-A Visa
          + Tropical Disease Insurance
          + Personal accident insurance
          + Life insurance
          + Critical illness insurance
          + Cancer Insurance
          + Pet insurance
          + Drone insurance
          + Car insurance
          + MOTORBIKE INSURANCE
          + International Travel Insurance
          + Domestic Travel Insurance
          + Business insurance
          + Corporate employee insurance
     * Visas &amp; work permits
          + Employment Visa
          + Education Visa
          + Marriage Visa
          + Retirement Visa
          + Business Visa
          + Thailand Elite Visa
          + Tourist Visa
          + Visa Services
          + Work Permit
     * Join the Thaiger
          + Thaiger Memberships
          + Youtube Memberships
          + Donate to Thaiger
          + Subscribe to Daily Email
     * Forum
     * Advertise
     * FIFA World Cup 2022

     *
     * Subscribe ad-free

Economy

Thailand’s LTR visa needs reworking to attract foreigners

   [tintin1-80x80.jpg]

   Published

    on
   Friday, October 14, 2022 11:55

   By
   Bob Scott
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * follow us in feedly

     * Share
     * Tweet
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Thailand is still confident its updated Long-Term Resident (LTR) visa
   will attract affluent foreigners despite more attractive LTR visa
   options in other countries.

   On September 1, Thailand launched a revised LTR visa, joining other
   nations such as Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia, and the Philippines,
   targeting rich foreigners.
   [INS: :INS]

   The Thai government cut the cost of the 10-year LTR visa in half, from
   100,000 baht to 50,000 baht, in a bid to attract their four target
   groups of foreigners: foreign experts, wealthy people, retirees, and
   those who want to work in Thailand.

   The government believes the revised LTR visa will attract about 1
   million people per year, providing a significant boost to the nation’s
   economic recovery after the Covid-19 pandemic. The government believe
   it will trigger a 1 trillion baht revenue windfall.

   The initial outlay of 50,000 baht is not a significant amount of money.
   But, like all of these things that sound too good to be true, there is
   a catch. The Thai government has a set of hoops for foreigners to jump
   through and, for good measure, a few high fences to climb.

   There is a special set of criteria each group has to meet.

   Foreigners who want to live in Thailand must have combined assets of at
   least US$1 million and an income of at least US$80,000 per year. Not
   only that, but they must also invest at least US$500,000 in Thailand,
   in property or other assets.

   Foreigners who have retired, or foreign experts, must earn at least
   US$80,000 per year. Those foreign experts must also have about five
   years of experience working at a specialist level in a targeted
   industry.

   For foreigners who want to work in Thailand, they must earn at least
   US$80,000 per year and also have a minimum of five years of experience
   working in legally registered companies with total revenue of US$150
   million in the past three years.

   The visa also covers up to four family members, including dependents
   under 20 years of age.

   When you look at options in other countries you can’t help but think
   that the Thai government has to try harder and lower the bar otherwise
   they will lose potential residents to other countries offering a much
   better package.
   [INS: :INS]

   The Philippines launched a Special Investors Resident Visa (SIRV)
   earlier this month offering permanent residency to any foreigner who
   invests at least US$75,000 in business or securities.

   Once a foreigner has invested in the Philippines, they are immediately
   awarded residency – something Thailand does not offer. The SIRV holder,
   their spouse, and children can freely enter and exit the Philippines
   whenever they desire, forever.

   What about the others?

   Cambodia has the Cambodia My Second Home visa, offering possible
   citizenship to any investor who generates US$100,000. Applicants must
   invest in property with the Khmer Home Charity Association. The visa
   offers a work permit, as does the Thai LTR.

   Malaysia is offering a 20 year Premium Visa Program for an investment
   of US$220,000. The country also offers a Malaysia My Second Home for
   anyone at least 35 years of age, which has liquid assets equating to
   around US$320,000 and a monthly income of at least US$8600.

   Singapore is launching a five-year visa programme, the Overseas
   Networks &amp; Expertise Pass (ONE Pass), in January next year. Applicants
   must have at least 700,000 baht fixed income per month and must
   demonstrate that they have been working for an established company
   overseas for at least one year.

   Individuals with outstanding achievements in the arts and culture,
   sports, science and technology, and academia and research qualify for
   the ONE Pass, even if they do not meet the salary criterion.
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Win a 3-night beachfront stay at Four Points by Sheraton Phuket by
       taking a short Thaiger Survey HERE!


Get more from The Thaiger

   FREE APP: ANDROID or iOS | HAVE YOUR SAY FORUM |
   News Categories: Cambodia Economy Expats Malaysia Philippines Singapore
   Thailand Tourism
   Related Topics:CambodiaLong Term
   ResidentMalaysiaPhilippinesSingaporeThailand

   [tgt-logo-hr-420-bl-tr.png]

   Join the conversation and have your say on Thailand news published on
   The Thaiger.

   Thaiger Talk is our new Thaiger Community where you can join the
   discussion on everything happening in Thailand right now.

   Please note that articles are not posted to the forum instantly and can
   take up to 20 min before being visible. Click for more information and
   the Thaiger Talk Guidelines.
   Comment
   Create an Account

Recent comments:

   [215332462_Screenshot_2021-07-11-17-56-20-118_com.android.chrome3.jpg.4
   7f3d4659bd7b31d636f10b47ff61ce5.jpg]
   TheDirtyDurian
   2022-10-19 22:56
   If, and that a big if, Thailand really wants to attract DNs they would
   do well to look at Portugal's new visa. Far less onerous requirements
   and an all round better deal.  Access to the rest of the EU, great…
   [037BA22C-4D5D-4AE9-8305-FB972A9AEA45.jpeg.22507a0b774aed7a0c8a3779ecc6
   6fbf.jpeg]
   Soidog
   2022-10-20 00:43
   1 hour ago, TheDirtyDurian said: If, and that a big if, Thailand really
   wants to attract DNs they would do well to look at Portugal's new visa.
   Far less onerous requirements and an all round better deal.  Access to
   the…
   [svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%20
   viewBox%3D%220%200%201024%201024%22%20style%3D%22background%3A%2362a4c4
   %22%3E%3Cg%3E%3Ctext%20text-anchor%3D%22middle%22%20dy%3D%22.35em%22%20
   x%3D%22512%22%20y%3D%22512%22%20fill%3D%22%23ffffff%22%20font-size%3D%2
   2700%22%20font-family%3D%22-apple-system%2C%20BlinkMacSystemFont%2C%20R
   oboto%2C%20Helvetica%2C%20Arial%2C%20sans-serif%22%3EA%3C%2Ftext%3E%3C%
   2Fg%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E]
   Artemis080
   2022-10-22 10:36
   On 10/18/2022 at 6:07 PM, Pinga said: For the $1-2k a month digital
   nomad crowd under 50 there are no easy options, but it seems like
   Thailand is not targetting them to begin with. Why should they though?
   They don't…
   [svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%20
   viewBox%3D%220%200%201024%201024%22%20style%3D%22background%3A%2362c4a8
   %22%3E%3Cg%3E%3Ctext%20text-anchor%3D%22middle%22%20dy%3D%22.35em%22%20
   x%3D%22512%22%20y%3D%22512%22%20fill%3D%22%23ffffff%22%20font-size%3D%2
   2700%22%20font-family%3D%22-apple-system%2C%20BlinkMacSystemFont%2C%20R
   oboto%2C%20Helvetica%2C%20Arial%2C%20sans-serif%22%3EP%3C%2Ftext%3E%3C%
   2Fg%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E]
   Pinga
   2022-10-24 22:05
   On 10/18/2022 at 5:07 PM, Soidog said: Surely you don’t mean the
   relatively small crimes that get amplified in the Thai media such as a
   Canadian skate boarding down a main road? Or a French guy who gets in
   to…
   [037BA22C-4D5D-4AE9-8305-FB972A9AEA45.jpeg.22507a0b774aed7a0c8a3779ecc6
   6fbf.jpeg]
   Soidog
   2022-10-24 22:12
   4 minutes ago, Pinga said: That's exactly what I mean. Every small
   crime involving a foreigner gets amplified in Thai media. Bring a lot
   of new expats with low income and the amount of such crimes (and
   exposure) will increase.…
   [tintin1-80x80.jpg]
   Bob Scott

   Bob is a published author with over 25 years experience as a
   journalist.
   Up Next

   PM Prayut avoids being pelted with rotten fish &amp; faeces
   Don't Miss

   Thailand – Must Try Activities in Thailand for ALL Tourists

You may like

     * 21 Thai citizens reported dead in fire casino in Cambodia
     * At least 10 dead &amp; 30 injured in fierce casino fire in Cambodia
     * Trafficking rears ugly head again after group of Thais escapes
       slavery in Cambodia

   [tg-logo-hr-210-wh-tr.png]
   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

Follow Thaiger by email:

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   [INS: :INS]

     * Latest
     * Popular
     * Videos

   Road deaths2 hours ago

Man fails to outrun train on motorbike, dies

   World3 hours ago

Banks deny wrongdoing in Jeffrey Epstein lawsuit

   News4 hours ago

CNN needs geography lesson after mistaking Taiwan for Thailand

   [new_banner_en.jpg]
   Economy5 hours ago

Electric vehicles to hit the accelerator this year, says FTI

   Thailand5 hours ago

5 Things You Need to know before Befriending or Dating a Thai

   Economy6 hours ago

IMF predicts a recession in Thailand

   [tgt-logo-hr-420-bl-tr.png]

Join the conversation on the Thaiger Talk forums today!

   Create an Account
   Election7 hours ago

Speaker predicts mass election corruption

   Thailand8 hours ago

Thailand’s new fighter jets still on horizon

   China9 hours ago

Chinese tourists banned from entering Morocco

   Politics9 hours ago

‘Calm down, PM!’ – supreme patriarch sparks Prayut rant

   Thailand9 hours ago

Proposed national uniforms to make traffic police approachable

   Thailand9 hours ago

Talking With Gary Butler About How ‘The Roaming Cook’ Began

   Thailand10 hours ago

HTMS Sukhothai chief engineer ashore when disaster struck

   Environment10 hours ago

Thailand makes another travel list: Fodor’s No List

   Politics10 hours ago

Deputy PM’s cunning plan to remain in power? There isn’t one

   Thailand4 days ago

American man dies after jumping from 3rd floor of Phuket Airport

   Thailand6 days ago

Sam Smith’s ‘Thrill of it All’ Koh Samui motorcycle tour

   Economy4 days ago

Thailand encourages coffee farming to meet growing demand in Asia

   Thailand4 days ago

Thailand to offer free Covid-19 booster shots to foreign tourists

   Events2 days ago

Thai holidays in 2023

   Crime3 days ago

Andrew Tate spat with Greta Thunberg leads to his arrest in Bucharest

   Tourism4 days ago

Thailand prepares to welcome infected tide of Chinese tourists

   Thailand3 days ago

Russian driver kills motorcycle rider in Phuket

   Thailand4 days ago

Thai police rescue pregnant woman walking 600 kilometres from Isaan to
Bangkok

   News4 days ago

A forgetful husband tests marriage after accidently abandoning his wife on a
road trip after taking a quick leak

   Tourism4 days ago

Russians take Thailand by storm

   Thailand3 days ago

37 deaths &amp; 351 injuries reported on day 1 of Thailand’s road safety campaign

   Thailand4 days ago

Road safety campaign spells disaster for Chiang Mai rescue services

   Expats4 days ago

VIDEO: air rage incident on Thai Smile Airways flight from Bangkok to Kolkata

   Crime3 days ago

Daughter jailed for 20 years after stealing 250 million baht from her mother

   Thailand1 year ago

Morning Top Stories Thailand | Police to end protests, Human Trafficking |
September 14

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Thai Airways in rehab, All go for Songkran | March 4

   Tourism2 years ago

Phuket’s nightlife. Yes, bars and clubs are still open | VIDEO

   Phuket2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid passport talks, Thai Airways heads to court |
March 2

   Tourism2 years ago

Phuket Thai food treats you need to try | VIDEO

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Bars, pubs and restaurants ‘sort of’ back to normal |
Feb 23

   Tourism2 years ago

In search of Cat &amp; Dog Cafés in Phuket Town | VIDEO

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Gambling crackdown, Seafood market to reopen, Vlogger
challenge | Jan 21

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid testing for visas, Business impact, Vaccine
approval | January 19

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Weekend Bangkok bombs, Thailand fires, Covid update |
January 18

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Stray car on runway, Indonesian quake, 300 baht tourist
fee | January 15

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Governor off respirator, sex-trafficking arrest, condo
prices falling | January 14

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Chinese vaccine, Thailand ‘drug hub’, Covid update |
January 13

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Bangkok may ease restrictions, Phuket bar curfew,
Vaccine roll out | January 12

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid latest, Cockfights closed down, Bryde’s Whale
beached | January 11

   [INS: :INS]

Trending

     * Cannabis3 days ago
       Where you can get cannabis in Bangkok
     * Events2 days ago
       Thai holidays in 2023
     * Crime3 days ago
       Andrew Tate spat with Greta Thunberg leads to his arrest in
       Bucharest
     * Phuket3 days ago
       Russian driver kills motorcycle rider in Phuket
     * Road deaths3 days ago
       37 deaths &amp; 351 injuries reported on day 1 of Thailand’s road
       safety campaign
     * Bangkok3 days ago
       Daughter jailed for 20 years after stealing 250 million baht from
       her mother
     * Economy3 days ago
       Thai Airways rehab plan soars ahead of schedule
     * Thailand3 days ago
       Rising winds, falling temperatures – the coolest new year in
       Thailand

     thaiger-logo fb twitter youtube
   [google-play.png] [ios-app.png]
   ________________________________________ Subscribe
   More Info
     * About Thaiger
     * Contact Us
     * Thai News Archives
     * Digital Gazette
     * Terms &amp; Privacy

   Be the Thaiger
     * Advertise
     * Donate to Thaiger
     * BECOME A MEMBER
     * Guest Blogger
     * Join Thaiger Legends

   Get More Thaiger
     * App - iOS / Android
     * Daily Newsletter
     * Google News
     * Feedly / Flipboard
     * Thailand Forums

   Real Estate
     * Best Real Estate in Phuket
     * Best Real Estate in Bangkok
     * Best Real Estate in Pattaya
     * Best Real Estate in Hua Hin
     * Best Real Estate in Chiang Mai
     * Best Real Estate in Koh Samui
     * Best Real Estate in Thailand
     * Dubai Apartment for Sale

   Friends
     * DBVentures.io
     * Fazwaz.com
     * Boatcrowd.com
     * Tadoo.co
     * MyMediTravel

   Subscribe us ________________________________________ Subscribe

   Copyright © 2023 Thaiger
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-7">
<text>
    #The Reporter Ethiopia » Feed The Reporter Ethiopia » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate alternate

     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More

   Search ____________________

   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia NewsWeekPRO
     * Amharic
     * Tender
     * Jobs
     * Errata
     * Sponsored Contents

   Monday, January 2, 2023
   Services
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   Subscribe To SMS

Services

     * Jobs
     * Tenders
     * Amharic News
     * English Magazine
     * Amharic Magazine

Contacts

     * About Ethiopia News
     * Contact Newspapers in Ethiopia

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   Search
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Youtube
   Subscribe
     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More
          +

Opinion
               o Opinion
               o Viewpoint
               o Commentary
               o Letter to the Editor

Others
               o Lifestyle
               o Bits &amp; Pieces
               o Touch and Go
               o Speak Your Mind

   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More
          +

Opinion
               o Opinion
               o Viewpoint
               o Commentary
               o Letter to the Editor

Others
               o Lifestyle
               o Bits &amp; Pieces
               o Touch and Go
               o Speak Your Mind

   More

   - Advertisement -
   - Advertisement -
   HomeOpinion

Referring to Africans in Africa as “foreigners” is Xenophobic and Afrophobic

   Opinion
   Contributor Contributor
   By Contributor
   October 15, 2022

Federal gov’t peacefully takes over Tigray

   December 31, 2022

Commission payment over undelivered service infuriates Bunna’s clients

   December 31, 2022

Government crackdown kills contraband hotspots

   December 31, 2022

Human rights investigators’ commission on Ethiopia survives UN member states’
vote

   December 31, 2022

Sustaining the peace deal

   December 31, 2022

Commercial Nominees to amend contracts for outsource workers

   December 31, 2022

Board cancels referendum voter registration in 11 constituencies

   December 31, 2022

   Words matter and have the ability to shape narratives, which we
   Africans typically undermine. Among African leaders, several duplicity
   and ambiguity cases have been identified regarding downplaying the
   connection between national interests and the pan-African approach.
   There is much confusion surrounding the concept of “United Peoples of
   Africa” due to the seeming inconsistency between “I am an African”
   poetry and the derogatory term “foreigner” or “alien.”

   In particular, they were unable to accept African citizens as part of a
   broader African citizenship effort, as stipulated by the African
   Union’s founding document and subsequent declarations. “We have
   observed that some African leaders are pan-Africanists in the morning,
   nationalists in the afternoon, and tribalists at night.”

   “An African man cannot be called a foreign national on African soil.”

   In an interview with the late President Robert Gabriel Mugabe for CNN
   in 2009, Christiane Amanpour posed the following questions: I can
   understand why you evicted white farmers, but I do not comprehend why
   you did the same to black farm workers. He responded, “We instructed
   the aliens from Mozambique and Malawi to go home.”

   The late President may not have been anti-black per se, but his choice
   of language was offensive and evocative.

   My second encounter came following the 2015 Afrophobic assault on
   non-South African nationals. The government of South Africa encouraged
   various stakeholders to find reasonable solutions. During that
   discussion, I proposed that we stop alienating African nationals
   because it will harm us in the long run by preventing us from doing
   business and achieving regional cohesion.

   Government authorities agreed with the suggestion not to employ foreign
   nationals. Nonetheless, this position could not be maintained for long,
   although I am unable to explain why. As recently as October 8, 2022,
   Panyaza Lesufi, premier of Gauteng, made an inattentive statement to
   eradicate non-South African traders from JHB.

   Using the same logic, an African who now resides in a different part of
   Africa cannot be considered part of the “Diaspora.” I don’t see how a
   person who is born in the West and moves to the Eastern, Northern, or
   Southern parts of Africa, or vice versa, qualifies as a member of the
   African Diaspora.

   A diaspora is a population that has been dispersed to different places
   or that has been forced to relocate from its original homeland. Someone
   who is geographically distant from their own realm or continent is said
   to be “off the coast.”

   What we are today does not accurately reflect who we are, but rather,
   “we are all Africans,” and the boundary we are claiming is merely a
   symbol. Today’s borders of African countries were not drawn by Africans
   but by our colonial overlords.

   By referring to our fellow African citizens as “foreign nationals,” we
   are doing more to promote colonial Balkanization than the colonial
   masters themselves. African leaders are skilled at significantly
   enforcing the colonialists’ blueprints by isolating those who live
   beyond colonial borders through derogatory terms.

   When I say “Africanity” or “African citizenship and identity,” what
   exactly do I mean?

   The first position of Africanity is established within the context of a
   particular political objective that necessitates a defined
   understanding of Africanity based on specific characteristics. It
   comprises the psychological values, practices, ways of thinking and
   traditions that make up African culture.

   Some people might assume that we can use a singular word. When we talk
   about Africa, we refer to its people, communities, and institutions. In
   my opinion, the terms “Africa” and “African” refer to more than just a
   landmass.

   Africa has become omnipresent throughout recent ages. What makes
   “Africa” and “African” possible and valuable? Why do we call this group
   of people “Africans”? This subject is complicated by the fact that
   describing something produces its image and likeness.

   Although Kwame Nkrumah, a vocal proponent of pan-African political
   unity, acknowledged the diversity of Africa’s people as a limitation of
   any such definition, the continent is home to a wide range of ethnic
   groups, languages, and religious groups. While some of us are
   trilingual in French, English, and Portuguese, millions more speak any
   one of the hundreds of languages spoken in Africa.

   African culture shapes our perspectives and maturity as political
   beings.

   “African nations must prohibit discrimination against African
   citizens”!

   In the domains of culture, citizenship, and the creation of identities,
   transnational themes are entwined with pan-Africanism and regionalism.
   These topics continue to interact from a political and economic
   standpoint.

   Pan-Africanism and regionalism have emerged as political ideologies in
   a response to the continent’s disintegration, marginalization, and
   subjugation at the hands of outside power. The idea stokes the flames
   of African identity and citizenship, which in turn causes the
   independent nation-states of Africa to give way to a more unified
   African state.

   African versions of Black Nationalism are developing into violent forms
   of intolerance geared against black-on-black racism, as predicted by
   Frantz Fanon, a French West Indian psychiatrist and political
   philosopher. This new kind of Black Nationalism is an ethno-racial
   project with the goal of breaking away from Africa and the people who
   have been forced to flee there. It has created two enemies: one fears
   and envies, and another despises and resents.

   African unification can only be achieved by recovering our rights and
   implementing the correct policies to suit the objectives of African
   citizens. The people and the states of Africa need to address the
   critical question of where and when they might begin laying the
   framework for continental citizenship.

   How can Africans achieve these grand aspirations without comprehensive
   immigration and citizenship policies at the national and continental
   levels? In light of this, there is no nation in contemporary Africa
   that is more desirable than the others.

   Stop spreading false and emotional messages that victimize our African
   sisters and brothers

   In the course of history, there will eventually come a day when no
   African or anyone of African origin will ever be made to feel ashamed.
   We might be able to see it when no African person is compelled to
   relocate, putting their lives in danger while attempting to cross the
   Atlantic Ocean and the deserts of Libya.

   One day, Africans may not wish to live on European or American soil,
   where they will either be unwelcomed or victimized, with their faces
   buried in shame and embarrassment. These Africans yearn for precisely
   the setting you have here.

   Lastly, it is essential to remind the African Union Commission (AUC),
   the Permanent Representatives Committee (PRC), and the AU Executive
   Council to relay this grave concern to the AU Head of State in order to
   reach a unified understanding and resolution. African nations must
   change their terminology and stop referring to Africans residing on
   their soil as “foreign nationals.”

   The media, academic community, and civil society should refrain from
   referring to African nationals as foreign nationals. Instead, Africans
   who reside in different African nations should be referred to as
   “non-citizen African nationals” until continental citizenship becomes
   feasible. Hence, a foreign national is a person who is born and resides
   outside of Africa’s landmass and shores.

   Seife Tadelle Kidane (PhD) is a senior research fellow at the
   University of Johannesburg’s Institute of Pan African Thought and
   Conversation (IPATC).
   Share
   Facebook
   Twitter
   WhatsApp
   Email
   Telegram

   Previous article
   The child within us
   Next article
   Policymakers need steady hand as storm clouds gather over global
   economy
   - Advertisement -

Fresh Topics

News in Brief

The business of aid

Sport commission signs deal to renovate Addis Ababa stadium

   Load more

Related Articles

   Contributor - December 31, 2022

Countries hurt by war, fragility need strong global partnerships, resources

   Contributor - December 24, 2022

Is a Global Recession Really Around the Corner?

   Contributor - December 17, 2022

From Climate Justice to Climate Liability

   Load more

About us

   Media and communications Center.
   Cameroon Street, Awlo Building 7th floor,
   E-mail: [email protected]
   Phone Number: (+251) 116-616-184
   Facebook
   Instagram
   Twitter
   Youtube

Other Services

   Reporter Tenders
   https://www.reportertenders.com
   Reporter Jobs
   https://www.ethiopianreporterjobs.com
   Ethiopian Reporter
   https://www.ethiopianreporter.com
   Reporter SMS Service 7474 (OK)

Subscribe

   To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special
   announcements.
   ____________________
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) I want in
   [ ] I've read and accept the Privacy Policy.

   Copyright © 2022 Media &amp; Communications Center. All Rights Reserved |
   Privacy Policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-8">
<text>
                                   Bloomberg

   Need help? Contact us

We've detected unusual activity from your computer network

   To continue, please click the box below to let us know you're not a
   robot.

  Why did this happen?

   Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that
   you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can
   review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.

  Need Help?

   For inquiries related to this message please contact our support team
   and provide the reference ID below.

   Block reference ID:
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-9">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Become a Member
   (BUTTON______________)
   [ ] Dark Mode
   Become a Member
   (BUTTON______________)
     * Latest News
     * Special Projects
     * Neon
     * FIT
     * Webqoof
     * My Report
     * Brand Studio

     * Indian Diaspora
     * Entertainment
     * Opinion
     * World
     * Videos
     * Podcasts
     * Sports
     * Law
     * More
          + Gender
          + Climate Change
          + FAQs
          + Explainers
          + Graphic Novels
          + Education
          + Quint Lab
          + Business
          + Good News
          + Members' Opinion
          + Photos

   [ ] Dark Mode
   Become a Member
   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Home
     * Elections
     * Jobs
     * About Us
     * T&amp;C
     * Privacy Policy

   FOLLOW US ON
   About UsContact UsPrivacy Policy
   ADVERTISEMENT

As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More Samans From
Dying?

It's unclear why Meloni govt didn't vote Saman's law, given her strong
campaigning against honour killing of minors

   Francesca Marino
   Published: 15 Oct 2022, 8:00 AM IST
   Opinion
   4 min read
   As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More Samans From
   Dying? As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More
   Samans From Dying?
   i
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Comments

   It was supposed to bear her name, Saman's name-- the law that would
   have helped girls like the young girl of Pakistani-origin, killed,
   because she rebelled against an arranged marriage and wished for the
   tools to be free. To say "No" to family-imposed obligations without
   running the risk of being coerced. But the law never made it to final
   approval.

   'Saman's law' cashed last April, its first yes vote with 385 votes in
   favor, no votes against, and 31 abstentions by deputies from Giorgia
   Meloni's Fratelli d'Italia; the same Meloni who is now the Prime
   Minister-to-be and who in the past, had been very vocal demanding
   justice for the victims.

   The proposed law takes its name from the case of an 18-year-old
   Pakistani-origin girl, Saman Abbas, living in Novellara, Italy since
   2016.

     She had asked for help from the police and social services to escape
     a marriage arranged by her family in Pakistan. She was living in a
     safe house since then but she had returned home recently, trusting
     her parents to retrieve some documents. Since then, she is missing.

   Also Read

Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime Minister On?

   Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime Minister
   On? Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime
   Minister On?
   ADVERTISEMENT

More Pakistani Women in Italy Fall Victim To Honour Killing

   Her parents, suddenly returned to Pakistan due to an alleged
   bereavement while the rest of her family disappeared. There's a video
   showing her father, uncles and a cousin dragging a big plastic bag and
   a couple of shovels. Her younger brother, found living with relatives
   in a nearby village, says she has been killed by the family. Her uncles
   have later been arrested and confessed the crime while her parents are
   still in Pakistan where the country refuses extradition for them.

   Saman's body has not been recovered yet. Hers was the latest case of a
   long, bloodied string of Pakistani-origin girls being harrassed and
   killed in Italy.

   So long that, in 2019, Law No. 69/2019, the so-called "Red Code,"
   introduced a special criminal case to punish forced marriages. This
   provision stipulates that "Whoever, by violence or threat, forces a
   person to enter into marriage or civil union shall be punished by
   imprisonment from one to five years. The same punishment applies to
   anyone who, taking advantage of a person's conditions of vulnerability
   or mental inferiority or need, with abuse of family, domestic, labour
   relations or authority arising from the person's entrustment for
   reasons of care, education or upbringing, supervision or custody,
   induces him or her to contract marriage or civil union."
   Also Read

Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's All We Know

   Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's All We
   Know Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's
   All We Know

     Thus, aggravating circumstances when the acts are committed against
     an eighteen year old or a minor of 14 years. The provisions of the
     article also apply when the act is committed abroad by an Italian
     citizen or foreigner residing in Italy or to the detriment of an
     Italian citizen or a foreigner residing in Italy.

   ADVERTISEMENT

Forced Marriages Rampant Among South Asian Minors

   The Central Directorate of Criminal Police of the Department of Public
   Security has recently published the first Report on the "Red Code" Law
   which is aimed at analysing the phenomenon with the goal of countering
   it. From 9 August 2019 -- the date of its entry into force to 31
   December 2021, there has been an increase in 'forced marriages.'

   Fifty-nine percent of the victims are foreigners, mostly Pakistani,
   followed by Albanian. In 73% of cases the perpetrators were
   predominantly Pakistani, Albanian, Bengali, and Bosnian men. The data,
   moreover, is not accurate, because the "underground" is missing.

   This crime, in fact, often takes place within the walls of the home and
   the victims are almost always young girls, forced to drop out of
   school, sometimes forced to remain locked in the house in the
   impossibility of reporting, even for fear of retaliation and do not
   even know who to turn to.

     'Saman's law' was intended to go a step further stating that those
     who denounce the coercion to marry could obtain the issuance of a
     residence permit for humanitarian reasons, for a duration of one
     year, renewable as long as the humanitarian needs that justified its
     issuance, persist.

   Also Read

Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour Killing Case

   Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour Killing
   Case Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour
   Killing Case

   The immediate issuance of a residence permit to the victim will ensure
   that she can break free from the family of origin and no longer have to
   go back to his or her parents to beg for his or her papers, risking his
   or her life, as what happened to Saman. The law will also help girls
   who are still forced to live with their parents and follow their rules
   for all its difficulties, to get a residence permit on their own.
   ADVERTISEMENT

Can Meloni Govt Back Immigrant Womens’ Rights?

   The second generations are forced to carry the burden of the
   traditionalist Pakistani culture they are not part of, a culture very
   different from the culture of the country where they were born or
   raised. The Saman law will be a light in the dark for them.

   It is not clear why Meloni's parlamentarians did not vote Saman's law,
   given her strong campaigning against the 'culture' pushing mainly
   Pakistani immigrants to kill or harras their daughters in Italy.

   At anti-violence centers and social services, there are dozens of girls
   seeking help and trying to escape from unions arranged against their
   consent. They come mostly from Pakistan or Bangladesh, and are between
   16 and 25 years old. Let's hope that the first Italian woman Prime
   Minister will do the right thing and Saman's law will be passed without
   further discussion.

   Let's hope Saman, Hina, Sana and all the other Pakistani-origin girls
   killed by their families did not die in vain, and there will be justice
   for them. There's no honour in killing, and no 'culture' can justify
   the massacre of its daughters, in Italy or abroad. Never.

   (Francesca Marino is a journalist and a South Asia expert who has
   written ‘Apocalypse Pakistan’ with B Natale. Her latest book is
   ‘Balochistan — Bruised, Battered and Bloodied’. She tweets
   @francescam63. This is an opinion piece and the views expressed are the
   author's own. The Quint neither endorses nor is responsible for his
   reported views.)

   (At The Quint, we are answerable only to our audience. Play an active
   role in shaping our journalism by becoming a member. Because the truth
   is worth it.)

Read and Breaking News at the Quint, browse for more from voices and opinion

Topics:  Honour Killing   Pakistani Women   Italy Femicide Laws

   ADVERTISEMENT
   Speaking truth to power requires allies like you.
   Become a Member
   25
   100
   200

   or more

   PREMIUM
   3 months
   12 months
   12 months
   Check Member Benefits
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Comments

   Read More

   Loading Comments...
   ADVERTISEMENT
   Stay Updated

   Subscribe To Our Daily Newsletter And Get News Delivered Straight To
   Your Inbox.
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Subscribe
   Join over 120,000 subscribers!
   ADVERTISEMENT
   More News
   ×
   ×

   SECTIONS
     * Indian Diaspora
     * Entertainment
     * Opinion
     * World
     * Videos
     * Podcasts
     * Sports
     * Law
     * Gender
     * Climate Change
     * FAQs
     * Explainers
     * Graphic Novels
     * Education
     * Quint Lab
     * Business
     * Good News
     * Members' Opinion
     * Photos

   TRENDING TOPICS
     * Entertainment
     * NEON
     * My Report
     * FIT
     * The Indian American
     * Climate Change

   FOLLOW US ON
   BQ PrimeQuint HindiFIT
   About UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyT&amp;C
</text>
</page> §
</lang>
