    #Express.co.uk Search Express.co.uk Tennis RSS Feed

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. logo_christmas

   Discount codes Puzzles Horoscopes Express Rated Shop Paper
   Login Register
     * Your Account
     * Sign Out

   13°C
   Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * HOME
     * News
     * Showbiz & TV
     * Sport
     * Comment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Entertainment
     * Life & Style

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Other
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

     * Home
     * Sport
     * Tennis

   Boxing Day sales

Rafael Nadal makes 'foreigner' comment after concluding tennis tour in Mexico

Rafael Nadal concluded his exhibition tour of South American in Mexico on
Friday and spoke of the special feelings he has each time he visits the
country

   By Liam Llewellyn
   15:30, Sun, Dec 4, 2022 | UPDATED: 15:32, Sun, Dec 4, 2022
   Link copied

Nadal has a chance encounter with Serena Williams in June

   ____________________ (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE Invalid email

   We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and
   to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us
   and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any
   time. More info

   Rafael Nadal has claimed he feels at home while in Mexico as part of
   his South American exhibition tour. The Spaniard travelled to several
   countries around the continent to contest some light-hearted matches
   with Casper Ruud.

Related articles

     * Nadal and Kyrgios already have rematch date after Wimbledon
       walkover
     * Nadal paid heartwarming tribute by Ruud as 'spectacular' impact
       lauded

   The pair visited Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia before
   concluding the tour in Mexico. After defeating the Norwegian 7-6, 6-4
   at the Plaza de Toros in the last match of their tour, the 36-year-old
   commented on the welcome he receives each time he visits.

   "When I'm in Mexico I don't feel like a stranger, I don't feel like a
   foreigner, in the end when you're in a country where we speak the same
   language and there are more things that unite us, when I arrive here I
   feel at home," he said. “The reception of the people I feel is
   spectacular. It is a country where people know how to have fun, a happy
   country.

   “And well, in all the places I have been in the country in Cozumel,
   Tulum, Playa Mujeres, and Acapulco, I have always been happy. I have
   always taken good memories of the places, but also of the people, of
   the food, of everything, and that always encourages me to come back.”

   JUST IN: Emma Raducanu enjoys break from tennis woes by watching Tyson
   Fury beat Derek Chisora


   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Rafael Nadal said he feels like home whenever he is in Mexico (Image:
   Getty)

   The world number two has enjoyed plenty of success in Mexico, winning
   the Acapulco Open four times, and is currently its reigning champion.
   He has thrilled the Mexican fans with his supreme ability over the
   years, but the 22-time grand slam champion claimed he may not play
   there again, having confirmed he will not defend his title in 2023.

   “It will most likely be the last time I play in Mexico, Acapulco 2023
   is not on my calendar and the 2024 season seems far away,” he
   explained. “Now is the time to enjoy this moment to the fullest and
   play in an emblematic setting, with many people and in a country where
   I have always felt loved.”

   However, Nadal did not suggest he would be retiring, but between the
   lines he may be reducing his activities as he gets closer to the end of
   his career to maintain his fitness, with injury problems blighting
   recent seasons. “For me the main thing right now is to be able to get
   to the important tournaments in full physical condition,” he added.
   DON'T MISS
   Rafa Nadal drops hint that Roger Federer will be the source for
   prolonging tennis career
   Rafael Nadal provides update on his body after multiple injury setbacks
   in 2022
   Rafael Nadal makes Roger Federer comeback promise and hints plans
   already underway

   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Nadal and Casper Ruud concluded their South American exhibition tour on
   Friday (Image: Getty)

   “I continue to enjoy day-by-day and I continue to have goals that
   excite me at a professional level. I’m going to try to achieve them
   until my body or mind says enough.

   "At the moment, that hasn’t happened so I want to continue. I am happy
   doing what I do, I love competing on the big stages and the love of the
   people encouraged me to continue.”

   Nadal is set to commence his 2023 season when he leads Spain in the
   inaugural United Cup, an annual mixed team event set to be played in
   Brisbane, Perth and Sydney from December 29 to January 8 next year.

Related articles

     * Rafa Nadal explains difference between Federer and Djokovic
       rivalries
     * Rafael Nadal retirement prediction after tennis legend roared back
     * Rafael Nadal filmed at 2am playing football in airport

   Rafael Nadal

  Most read in Tennis

  Latest videos

   driving laws petrol diesel clean air fines france 2023

UK drivers warned of massive fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in
France

   how to remove mould condensation houseplants

Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation - and
‘other toxins’

   royal family live king charles archie lilibet titles prince harry
   meghan markle Live-event

Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance until Harry and Meghan 'stop
lobbing salvos'

   Transfer News Live Man Utd Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Arsenal Mykhaylo
   Mudryk Newcastle Live-event

Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Fernandez swap deal, Mudryk announcement, big
Newcastle bids

   iceland food recall sweet product urgent warning advice latest

Iceland recalls popular sweet product due to urgent health risk - 'do not eat
it'

   meghan markle jason knauf king charles new year honour meghan bullying

King Charles to hand royal aide who accused Meghan Markle of bullying New
Year Honour

   Rishi Sunak 2023 New Year Honours King Charles ont

Rishi Sunak pens touching congratulations to 2023 New Year Honours recipients

   David Beckham snubbed King Charles New Year Honours List again

David Beckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year
Honours List again

   Man Utd transfer news Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Premier League Erik ten
   Hag Wan Bissaka

Man Utd could offer three players to Benfica to hijack Chelsea's Enzo
Fernandez deal

   Cristiano Ronaldo transfer news Man Utd Al Nassr

Cristiano Ronaldo upgrades on Man Utd as jaw-dropping details of Al-Nassr
contract emerge

   Australian Open China Grand Slam shake up tennis news

Australian Open 'could be moved to China' in drastic Grand Slam shake-up

   Australian Open Dominic Thiem Austrian wildcard tennis news

Australian Open confirm Dominic Thiem return as Austrian one of three to get
wildcard

   Taylor Fritz United Cup team-mate post-match interview tennis news

Taylor Fritz warns United Cup team-mate 'I'll knock you out' in post-match
interview

   Nick Kyrgios comments Lleyton Hewitt United Cup withdrawal Australia

Nick Kyrgios takes aim at Lleyton Hewitt after pulling out of United Cup at
last minute

   Nick Kyrgios tennis news

Nick Kyrgios demands apology and fires back at 'pure villain' critics

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic doubles pressure Instagram message tennis
   news

Nick Kyrgios ramps up Novak Djokovic doubles pressure with latest message to
Serb

   Rafael Nadal retirement Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal drops retirement hint after being asked if this is his last
Australian Open

   Novak Djokovic tennis Erling Haaland Kylian Mbappe

Novak Djokovic faster than Erling Haaland and almost matches Kylian Mbappe
data shows

   Novak Djokovic coach Australian Open tennis news

Novak Djokovic re-hires coach after axing physio on the eve of Australian
Open

   Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
   Australian experience

Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
Australian experience

   Rafael Nadal Novak Djokovic Nick Kyrgios Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal speaks out on Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios threats before
Australian Open

   Tennis news Rafael Nadal Australian Open Daniil Medvedev Novak Djokovic
   retirement

Rafael Nadal nearly missed Australian Open before breaking record in 'most
exciting' final

   Novak Djokovic splits physio change Australian Open Badio Zimaglia

Novak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian
Open campaign

   Rafael Nadal Iga wi tek tennis news

Rafael Nadal and Iga Swiatek headline tennis event with mouthwatering £8.5m
up for grabs

   nick kyrgios stefanos tsitsipas rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios stung by Stefanos Tsitsipas dig as Aussie ace swerves Rafael
Nadal showdown

   nick kyrgios blasted rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios blasted by Aussies for late withdrawal from Rafael Nadal
showdown

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic hint Bromance tennis news

Nick Kyrgios drops exciting Novak Djokovic hint as he lauds 'bromance' with
Serb

   novak djokovic australian open covid saga craig tiley tennis news

Novak Djokovic request made by Australian Open boss as Serb arrives at scene
of Covid saga

   Ivan Lendl Boris Becker admission tennis news

Ivan Lendl makes Boris Becker admission as tennis icon returns home from
prison

   Emma Raducanu Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Iga Swiatek 2023 tennis
   predictions

Emma Raducanu divides opinion while Djokovic returns to the top - 2023 tennis
predictions

   Iga Swiatek Max Verstappen Federer Nadal Djokovic

Iga Swiatek beats Max Verstappen to major sporting award like Federer, Nadal
and Djokovic

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic tennis news

Nick Kyrgios defends exhibition he played with Novak Djokovic after former
pro hit out

SEARCH

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

CONNECT WITH US

     * Find us on Facebook
     * Follow us on Twitter
     * Subscribe to our rss feed

TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Saturday, 31st December 2022

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

News

     * UK
     * Politics
     * Royal
     * World
     * US
     * Science
     * Weather
     * Weird
     * History
     * Nature
     * Sunday
     * Obituaries

Latest News

     * Brexit
     * European Union
     * Theresa May
     * Angela Merkel
     * Donald Trump
     * The Queen
     * Kate Middleton
     * Meghan Markle
     * Diesel
     * Cancer
     * Diabetes
     * Dementia
     * YouTube
     * InYourArea

Showbiz & TV

     * TV & Radio
     * Celebrity News

Sport

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * Premier League
     * Manchester United
     * Liverpool
     * Arsenal
     * Chelsea
     * Tottenham Hotspur
     * Manchester City
     * West Ham
     * Everton
     * Celtic
     * Rangers
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

Comment

     * Columnists
     * Express Comment

Finance

     * City & Business
     * Personal Finance
     * The Crusader

Travel

     * Travel News
     * Activity Holidays
     * Cruise
     * Beach Holidays
     * Short & City breaks

Express Rated

     * Best VPN
     * Best Sky Deals
     * Best Mattress
     * Best Dating Sites
     * Best UK
       Broadband Deals
     * Freeview
     * Samsung
     * Sky
     * Android
     * Apple
     * Black Friday

Entertainment

     * Films
     * Gaming
     * Music
     * Books
     * Theatre
     * Express Wins

Life & Style

     * Style
     * Diets
     * Health
     * Garden
     * Tech
     * Property
     * Life
     * Cars
     * Food
     * OK! Beauty
       Box Subscription

EXPRESS.CO.UK

     * Play Express Wins
     * Apps
     * Puzzles
     * Horoscopes
     * Discount codes
     * Partner Stories
     * Shop
     * Hopsmore Beer Club
     * Paper
     * Sitemap
     * Site Archive
     * About Us
     * Journalists
     * How to Complain
     * Report a Tech Issue
     * Advertising
     * Affiliate advertising
     * Cookies Settings
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Terms & Conditions
     * Community Standards
     * Developed by Netro42
     * Syndication and Licensing
     * Clarifications and Corrections

   IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2022 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a
   registered trademark. All rights reserved.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NX7XL77

   Facebook pixel
