<langue="ENG">
<mot="ENG_foreigner">
<page="url_foreigner-1">
<text>
   #The Local » Feed The Local » Comments Feed The Local » LISTEN: How
   will the new government affect foreigners’ lives in Sweden? Comments
   Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NMLDXPL

   Read news from:
   Austria
     * Europe
     * Austria
     * Denmark
     * France
     * Germany
     * Italy
     * Norway
     * Spain
     * Sweden
     * Switzerland

   Sweden's news in English
   The Local
     * News
          + Politics
          + Travel news
          + Covid-19
          + Brexit
     * Podcast
     * Practical tips
          + Moving to Sweden
          + Studying in Sweden
          + Living costs
          + Reader questions
          + Swedish citizenship
          + Pensions
          + Tax
          + Visas
     * Learn about Sweden
          + Travel – Discover Sweden
          + Swedish cuisine
          + Swedish history
          + Swedish habits
          + Swedish traditions
     * Property
          + Renting
          + Find rentals
     * Jobs
          + Working in Sweden
     * Learning Swedish

Sections

   Latest newsSweden in Focus PodcastCovid-19Practical tips
   Sweden: Learn about SwedenSweden: Learning SwedishBrexit

Membership

   My accountLog inStudent accessCorporate
   NewslettersHelp centerGift voucher

The Local

   Search siteContact us
   Who we areAdvertise with us

Editions

   AustriaEuropeGermanyNorwaySweden
   DenmarkFranceItalySpainSwitzerland

Services

   Jobs in SwedenNoticeboard
   Apartment rentals

SOCIAL

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

   SHARE
   COPY LINK

Paywall free

SWEDEN IN FOCUS

LISTEN: How will the new government affect foreigners’ lives in Sweden?

   In this episode we discuss how the incoming right-wing government has
   said it plans to govern Sweden for the next four years.
   Published: 15 October 2022 09:55 CEST
   LISTEN: How will the new government affect foreigners' lives in Sweden?

   In the latest episode of our Sweden in Focus podcast, host Paul
   O’Mahony is joined by regular panelists Becky Waterton, Richard Orange
   and James Savage.

   After weeks of deliberation the Moderate Party leader Ulf Kristersson
   told the parliamentary speaker on Friday he was finally ready to form a
   new government. Assuming he survives a vote in the Riksdag on Monday,
   Kristersson is expected to become prime minster next week and will
   start work assembling a government. We discuss what we know so far
   about the make-up of the next government and how it plans to govern
   Sweden.

   You can listen to the episode HERE. Please leave a rating or review
   wherever you listen to the podcast as it helps ensure that more people
   discover it.

   READ ALSO:
     * How does Sweden’s new government want to change migration policy?
     * Key points – How will Sweden’s new coalition deal affect
       foreigners?

   Don’t forget to hit the follow button (or + sign) on Apple or tap the
   notification bell on Spotify to ensure you get a reminder whenever we
   publish a new episode.

   SURVEY: Share your feedback on Sweden in Focus


Related Topics

   SWEDEN IN FOCUSPODCAST

   (BUTTON) SHOW COMMENTS

Member comments

   Log in here to leave a comment.
   Become a Member to leave a comment.

   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?
   LISTEN: Swedish news quiz 2022 - How well do you remember the year?
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   LISTEN: Swedish news quiz 2022 – How well do you remember the year?

SWEDEN IN FOCUS

Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?

   In this week's Sweden in Focus podcast Paul O'Mahony set the panel a
   set of 12 fiendish questions on the year's events. Can you beat The
   Local's team?
   Published: 28 December 2022 16:05 CET
   Can you beat the Sweden in Focus panel in our 2022 news quiz?

   Paul did not hold back, putting together questions that tested the
   recall and background knowledge even of Swedish news veterans like
   James and Richard.

   You can subscribe to the podcast and listen to us fumble after the
   correct answers by pressing this link here.


   But first, see how you manage on your own!

   IFRAME: https://www.riddle.com/embed/a/466674?

Can you beat the Sweden in Focus team in our end of year quiz?

   There was the Ukraine invasion, the end of 200 years of Swedish
   neutrality and an election that brought in a new government. Do you
   know as much about news in Sweden in 2022 as the Sweden in Focus panel
   James Savage, Becky Waterton and Richard Orange?

Hurricane force winds were recorded off the coast of Blekinge in southern
Sweden when a storm rolled in from Denmark at the end of January. What was
the storm called?

A Swedish Bishop was defrocked in February after it emerged that he’d been
having an extramarital affair for many years. What diocese was he serving in
at the time?

Cornelia Jacobs won Melodifestival with her song Hold me Closer, which
qualified her to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest? How many
people watched the Melodifestival final according to official statistics?



Nyamko Sabuni resigned as Liberal Party leader in April after the party
slumped to just 2 percent in the opinion polls and she was replaced by Johan
Pehrson. Sabuni had been around for a long time in Swedish politics and was a
minister in the centre-right Alliance governments that ruled Sweden from 2006
to 2014. What was her role in the first Fredrik Reinfeldt governments from
2006 to 2010?



In May before Sweden had formally decided to apply for NATO membership, it
signed a security deal with the UK and the then British prime minister. Who
was that prime minister?



Sweden’s Central Bank, the Riksbank, raised interest rates by 50 points to
0.75 percent In June, it was the biggest one day hike in 22 years. The
Riksbank is the world’s oldest Central Bank. When was it founded?



Swedish American pole vaulter Armand Duplantis set a new world record in
July, when he cleared the bar at 6.21 metres at the World Athletics
Championships in Oregon. He’s often referred to by his nickname, what is his
nickname?

A report by the research company Acta Publica, released towards the end of
August, showed that 289 candidates for Swedish county municipal and
parliamentary elections had at some point expressed racist or neo-Nazi views.
Obviously  the far-right Sweden Democrats accounted for many of those. Which
party had none?

Which three parties formed a minority coalition to govern Uppsala from 2022
to 2026?

The Swedish geneticist Svante Pääbo won the Nobel Prize in medicine for his
work sequencing the genome of Neanderthal man. Incredibly, this was his
family’s second Nobel Prize, after his father also won the Nobel Prize for
Medicine in 1982. What was his name?

In November, Sweden’s new Justice Minister Gunner Strömmer, said that
officials were preparing a new bill to finally scrapped the country’s widely
ridiculed ban on spontaneous dancing in bars and restaurants without a
permit. My question to you is this since when has Sweden required a licence
to dance?

Every year the Swedish Retail Institute unveils its picture for Sweden’s
Christmas gift of the year. What was it this year?

What was the gift of the year in 2009?

Congratulations! You have kept up with the news more than anyone could
expect! You seem like the kind of person who would enjoy a discounted
membership offer for The Local.

Oh dear! You need a subscription to The Local. Here’s a discounted membership
offer.

This was a ridiculously hard quiz, so you clearly keep up with the news in
Sweden. You seem like the sort of person who would appreciate a discounted
membership for The Local.

Congratulations! You did better than Richard did in the same quiz in the
Sweden in Focus podcast and may even have beaten Becky Waterton and James
Savage, who each, got only one (or maybe two) questions wrong. You deserve a
discounted membership to The Local.

   Quiz Maker – powered by Riddle


    The Local [email protected] @thelocalsweden

   SHOW COMMENTS (BUTTON) Read this article

   LISTEN: Migration agency delays, far-right meddling, and Sweden's
   Christmas traditions explained
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   LISTEN: Migration agency delays, far-right meddling, and Sweden’s
   Christmas traditions explained
   The Ambassadors: ‘I can feel how the air in Sweden opens up your lungs'
   SWEDEN IN FOCUS
   The Ambassadors: ‘I can feel how the air in Sweden opens up your lungs’

   Url copied to clipboard!
   (BUTTON)

   The Local Europe AB
   Vasagatan 10
   111 20 Stockholm
   Sweden
     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Become a member
     * My Account
     * Newsletters options

     * Advertise with us
     * Post a job ad

     * Terms of use
     * Privacy policy
     * Cookie Settings

   (BUTTON) Cookie Settings
   App store App store

   modal logo Please whitelist us to continue reading.

   So this website can function correctly please whitelist The Local with
   your adblocker, antivirus software or browser add on.

   Please visit the help centre for more information
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-10">
<text>
   REFRESH(900 sec):
   https://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2022-10-13/local-news/Court-sta
   rts-hearing-evidence-against-police-officers-accused-of-beating-foreign
   ers-6736246606

   [loader.gif]

Login

     * Login with Facebook
     * Login with Google+
     * Login with Twitter
     * Login with Independent

   [ ] Keep me signed in with social media
   Your e-mail_________ Your password_______ [ ] Remember me

   Login
   Forgot your password? Register

   The Malta Independent 2 January 2023, Monday

   RSS View E-Paper
   ____________________
   Submit

     * [icon-home.png]
     * Local
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Most Read
     * World
          + News
          + Oddities
     * Debate
          + Editor's Blog
          + Blogs &amp; Opinions
          + Polls
     * Sports
          + Football
          + Tennis
          + MOTORSPORTS
          + Waterpolo
          + Basketball
          + Olympics
          + Commonwealth Games
          + Others
     * Business
          + News
          + World
          + Financial
          + Company News
     * Arts
          + Stage
          + Books
          + Music
          + Cinema
          + TV
          + Crossword
          + Sudoku
          + Arcade
     * Life
          + Human
          + Health
          + Food
          + Education
          + Growing Up
          + Motoring
          + Fashion
     * Videos
          + Latest Videos
          + Indepth
     * Newspaper
          + Leader
          + Letters
          + Opinions
          + Cartoon
          + Lifestyle &amp; Culture
          + Supplements
          + E-Paper
     * Magazines
          + Taste &amp; Flair
          + First
          + A &amp; H
          + I DO
          + Motoring
          + Vamp
          + Malta Business Review
     * Jobs In Malta
     * [mbw.png]

     * Home
     * >gt;
     * Local
     * >gt;
     * News
     * >gt;
     * Video shows uniformed policeman threatening migrant with…

Video shows uniformed policeman threatening migrant with penknife, court told

   Thursday, 13 October 2022, 12:01 Last update: about 4 months ago

   A video of  police officer Luca Brincat gesturing in a threatening
   manner using a penknife while seated in front of "a black person" was
   posted in a Whatsapp group, a Court was told on Thursday.

   "In the video, Brincat is heard telling the man that he should stop
   causing trouble, 'or else!'. Brincat then proceeded to gesture as if he
   would slit his throat," inspector Omar Zammit testified.

   The compilation of evidence against three young police officers accused
   of abducting and beating foreigners started yesterday in front of
   Magistrate Joe Mifsud.
   ADVERTISEMENT

   Rica Mifsud Grech, 22, from Floriana, and Jurgen Falzon, 24, from Santa
   Venera, and Luca Brincat, 20, from Qormi, were arrested last weekend
   after being reported by fellow police officers.

   Zammit testified that on the night between 1 and 2 September, Jurgen
   Falzon and Luca Brincat had noticed a foreigner shouting because he was
   drunk in Marsa. The two officers, who were accompanied by a third
   colleague, called Lydon, placed the man against a car to search him.

   Lydon told police that Luca Brincat and Jurgen Falzon proceeded to beat
   up the man. He also claimed that Jurgen Falzon even threw a rock at the
   man's direction. Lydon had told police that his two colleagues had
   exhibited similar aggression with other foreigners.

   The court heard how Lydon had pointed out a video that was posted in a
   chat group with the accused, and other police officers from the
   community policing team. "The black man was filmed from behind."

   Laying down the timeline of events, Zammit said that on Friday 7
   October, the police force received a report from a female police
   constable about crimes allegedly committed by her colleagues at the
   Ħamrun police station. They allegedly beat foreigners. She said that
   she had confided with two other colleagues about the alleged crimes.

   Zammit said that when analysing footage from the body cams of the
   accused, a recording on Luca Brincat's bodycam showed a foreign
   national alleging he was beaten up by Brincat and Falzon. This appears
   to have been a separate incident.

   The court was told that neither of the three victims' injuries were
   certified, because they had not sought medical help.

   Superintendent Graziella Muscat, who is stationed at the Professional
   Standards Unit within the police corps. She said that on 4 October, an
   email was received by the unit from two sergeants.

   "That is where the issue all started," she told the court. "These two
   sergeants wanted to speak to us about their subordinates. We put it on
   our work agenda, and it was scheduled for the 10 October, because we
   didn't know what it was about."

   "I received a call about two days later from one of the sergeants, who
   said the issue could not wait because the constables were beating up
   black people and leaving them there," Muscat said.

   She said her unit was also aware of Brincat's video. Muscat explained
   that the video shows the police officer asking the victim his name and
   then pretending to write the name using the pocket knife.

   "We also knew about two other victims, apart from the one shown in the
   video. We then started looking for them. On one of them, all we knew
   was that he last resided at a Valletta residence but was not there. The
   police then proceeded to go to the Tiger Bar area, to ask the community
   there, but to no avail," she said.

   Inspectors Joseph Mercieca and Omar Zammit prosecuted. Lawyers Anthony
   Vella and Kaylie Bonnett represented the Office of the Attorney
   General.

   Lawyers Franco Debono and Francesca Zarb are defence counsel for Luca
   Brincat, Dalli and Dean Hili for Rica Mifsud Grech and Edmond Cuschieri
   for Falzon.



   [file.aspx?f=213747]

   12:28 That is all for today. Thank you for following. A summary of
   proceedings will be published shortly.

   12:28 Caruana steps off the witness stand. The sitting is over. The
   next appointments are for the 18 and 20 October.

   12:22 Police Major Eugenio Caruana takes the witness stand. He recounts
   the testimony given by the police officers who reported the accused.
   This is a re-run of the testimony given by other investigators
   previously

   12:17 He steps off the witness stand.

   12:17 Inspector Jeffrey Rizzo takes the witness stand. He details
   Jurgen Falzon’s arrest, how his mobile was confiscated and handed over
   to a court expert.

   12:15 Muscat steps off the witness stand.

   12:15 Defence lawyer Veronique Dalli asks Muscat whether her unit
   received any report from Rica Mifsud Grech, against her sergeant. Dalli
   says her client had reported on unethical behaviour by her supervisor,
   including “sexist actions”. Muscat insists she has no knowledge of the
   report.

   12:10 Defence lawyer Edmond Cuschieri asks Muscat whether she knew that
   her unit had received any reports on the accused’s sergeants. “Not to
   my knowledge, no,” she replies.

   12:09 Superintendent Graziella Muscat continues testifying. She gives
   details on where and when the three accused were arrested. The
   accused’s cars and homes were searched. A taser torch not issued by the
   corps was found at Rica Mifsud Grech’s home.

   12:07 QUICK RECAP: We are assisting for the first sitting in the
   compilation of evidence against three suspended police officers accused
   of rounding up foreigners, beating them and abandoning them in a
   secluded area. The three officers are: Rica Mifsud Grech, Luca Brincat
   and Jurgen Falzon. They deny the charges. The accused were reported by
   their colleagues in the force.

   12:03 Muscat: “We also knew about two other victims, apart from the one
   shown in the video. We then started looking for them. On one of them,
   all we knew was that he last resided at a Valletta residence but was
   not there. The police then proceeded to go to the Tiger Bar area, to
   ask the community there, but to no avail.”

   12:00 She says her unit was also aware of the video in which the pocket
   knife is visible. She explains that the video shows the police officer
   asking the victim his name and then pretending to write the name using
   the pocket knife.

   11:58 Muscat: “I received a call about two days later from one of the
   sergeants, who said the issue could not wait because the constables
   were beating up black people and leaving them there.”

   11:57 Muscat says that on 4 October, an email was received by the unit
   from two sergeants. “That is where the issue all started,” she tells
   the court. “These two sergeants wanted to speak to us about their
   subordinates. We put it on our work agenda, and it was scheduled for
   the 10 October, because we didn’t know about what it was.”

   11:56 Muscat is stationed at the Professional Standards Unit within the
   police corps.

   11:56 The second witness for today is Superintendent Graziella Muscat.

   11:55 Defence lawyer Edmond Cuschieri, appearing for Jurgen Falzon,
   asks whether the injuries mentioned by the victim were certified.
   Zammit replies: “No because they did not go to the authorities.”

   11:53 Zammit says that the victim indicated that a third officer was
   present, and although he did not beat him up the officer stood aside
   and did not try to stop his colleagues.

   11:53 Under cross-examination, Zammit says that one of the victims told
   investigators that he was picked up by the accused while drunk. He was
   taken to a place not very far from Marsa and was beaten up over there.
   The victim told police he was punched and kicked by the accused.

   11:52 Constables are also issued with body cams and pepper spray.

   11:51 Zammit says that constables have handcuffs and tasers.

   11:49 Zammit is cross-examined by Brincat’s defence lawyer, Franco
   Debono. The lawyer asks the inspector to say what equipment police
   constables are issued with by the force.

   11:48 Zammit says that after the officers were arrested, police started
   looking for their victims and one was traced to prison

   11:47 Zammit says that Brincat was interrogated in the presence of his
   lawyers when discharged from hospital. Brincat refused to answer.

   11:45 Inspector Zammit testifies that when analysing footage from the
   body cams of the accused, a recording on Luca Brincat’s bodycam shows a
   foreign national alleging he was beaten up by Brincat and Falzon. This
   appears to be a separate incident.

   11:43 The police officer who reported the three had showed the
   inspector where they would beat up the foreign nationals.

   11:43 On the 8 October, Luca Brincat was admitted to the Floriana
   polyclinic because he complained about chest pains and that is why he
   couldn’t be charged with the other two police officers.

   11:43 Laying down the time line of events, Zammit says that on Friday 7
   October, the police force received a report from a female police
   constable about crimes allegedly committed by her colleagues at the
   Ħamrun police station. They allegedly beat foreigners. She said that
   she had confided with two other colleagues about the alleged crimes.

   11:40 Inspector Omar Zammit continues testifying that Jurgen Falzon was
   arrested at his Santa Venera home. A search in his vehicle and his
   bedroom revealed nothing.

   11:39 A taser torch and pepper spray not issued by the corps, which
   were found in Rica Mifsud Grech’s car, and the pocket knife visible in
   the video are exhibited in court.

   11:38 The black man was filmed from behind.

   11:38 The court hears how Lydon had pointed out a video that was posted
   in a chat group with the accused, and other police officers from the
   community policing team. The video shows Luca Brincat with a penknife,
   standing in front of a black person. In the video, Brincat is heard
   telling the man that he should stop causing trouble, “or else!”.
   Brincat then proceeded to gesture as if he would slit his throat.

   11:35 Lydon told police that Luca Brincat and Jurgen Falzon proceeded
   to beat up the man. He also claimed that Jurgen Falzon even threw a
   rock at the man’s direction. Lydon had told police that his two
   colleagues had exhibited similar aggression with other foreigners.

   11:34 The court hears how Luca Brincat told Lydon to drive to Qormi.
   Lydon asked why they were going there instead of the police depot.
   Lydon claimed he was told by Luca Brincat to turn off the bodycam, and
   when he refused they turned it off for him.

   11:33 Zammit testifies that on the night between 1 and 2 September,
   Jurgen Falzon and Luca Brincat had noticed a foreigner shouting because
   he was drunk in Marsa. The two officers, who were accompanied by a
   third colleague, called Lydon, placed the man against a car to search
   him.

   11:31 Inspector Omar Zammit will be testifying. He says a female
   constable had gone to police HQ, to report her colleague over some
   crimes. The crimes included beating up individuals. Zammit says that
   together with a CMRU inspector, he was charged with carrying out the
   investigation.





     * don't miss

   IFRAME: https://www.noagentfees.com/iframe

   News
   [file.aspx?f=229840&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Watch: Police officers take note of…
   [file.aspx?f=224527&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Archbishop to attend Pope Benedict’s…
   [file.aspx?f=218825&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Berlin bird strike causes Air Malta’s…
   [file.aspx?f=203868&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Three Indian men injured in Zabbar fight
   [file.aspx?f=229832&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Festa ta’ Ġenerożità raises…
   [file.aspx?f=229830&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Police, AFM inspect 890 cars on NYE
   [file.aspx?f=229796&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   Civil society group, NGOs and unions:…
   [file.aspx?f=229826&amp;amp;width=160&amp;amp;height=145]

   More than 50,000 people attend Valletta…

   open

     * Terms of Use
     * Advertising Rates
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Declaration

   Designed and developed by Deloitte Digital

   Independent Online. ©2023. Standard Publications Ltd. Registered
   Office: Standard House, Birkirkara Hill, St. Julian’s, STJ 1149, Malta.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-11">
<text>
    #Mexico Daily Post » Feed Mexico Daily Post » Comments Feed Mexico
   Daily Post » American criticized for saying that “Bread of the Dead” is
   made from the ashes of the deceased Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

     * National
     * Mexican States
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

   Search ____________________

   10.5 C
   Mexico City
   Monday, January 2, 2023
     * Privacy Policy
     * Letters to the Editor
     * Disclaimer
     * Advertise with us

   Sign in
   Welcome! Log into your account
   ____________________your username
   ____________________your password
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)_____
   Forgot your password? Get help
   Password recovery
   Recover your password
   ____________________your email
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)________________
   A password will be e-mailed to you.
   Mexico Daily Post Mexico English News Network
   Mexico news in English
     * National
     * Mexican States
          + Aguascalientes News
            Baja California News
            Baja California Sur News
            Aguascalientes News
            Campeche News
            CDMX News
            Chiapas News
            Chihuahua News
            Coahuila News
            Colima News
            Durango News
            Estado de Mexico News
            Guanajuato News
            Guerrero News
            Hidalgo News
            Jalisco News
            Michoacan News
            Morelos News
            Nayarit News
            Nuevo León News
            Oaxaca News
            Puebla News
            Queretaro News
            Quintana Roo News
            San Luis Potosí News
            Sinaloa News
            Sonora News
            Tabasco News
            Tamaulipas News
            Tlaxcala News
            Veracruz News
            Yucatan News
            Zacatecas News

Share this:
               o Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
               o Click to print (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
               o

Like this:
            Like Loading…

Related
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
          +

Mexican Traditions on New Year’s Eve

Mexican Posadas: a tradition that is very much alive

These are the official holidays and school vacations in Mexico for…

Price of gasoline in Mexico this December 24

Prices of beer and cigarettes are officially to increase today Monday,…
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

   ____________________ Search
   Home Expat in mexico American criticized for saying that “Bread of the
   Dead” is made from...

     * Expat in mexico

American criticized for saying that “Bread of the Dead” is made from the
ashes of the deceased

   October 15, 2022
   788
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Tumblr
   Linkedin
   Mix
   ReddIt
   WhatsApp
   Pinterest

   With the upcoming arrival of the Day of the Dead, a video where a
   foreigner stated that the bread of the dead was made from the real dead
   was once again a trend on the internet.

   The much loved and popular tradition of the Day of the Dead is
   approaching, a Mexican celebration that has the purpose of honoring
   those who have already left the earthly world, however, aspects of this
   celebration are still very unknown to many people.

   Such was the case of an American girl who assured that the bread of the
   dead is created from the ashes of Mexicans. Yes, that’s right.

     @lex_marcking #humor ♬ sonido original – Lex Marcking

   The video of said statement was originally shared in 2019 through
   the TikTok platform, unleashing laughter and criticism from thousands
   of users around the world, as well as quite a shock, because he really
   said those words with complete confidence.
   Popular Stories Right now
   4,221 vehicles were stolen in Sinaloa in 2019
   University students in California prefer to study in Mexico
   Forget about the Traffic Light entering Mexico. All will be checked
   now!

   “ I did not know, but for people who are not from Mexico, did you know
   that they really put ashes of the dead on the bread of the dead? That
   is why it is called that. How strange is Mexico! ”, He indicated in the
   video, which you can see by clicking here.

     @besugoboss 🤔 Has probado el pan mexicano? #mexico #panmexicano
     #comida 👉 @Redpiratek ♬ sonido original – besugoboss

   For this reason, just days after the Day of the Dead takes place, the
   video has again generated controversy, controversy and has unleashed
   hundreds of sarcastic reactions, for example, that under this logic,
   granny chocolate may be made of grannies and the pastor tacos de
   pastores.

     @_budar Jajaja que el pan de muerto QUEEEE?! #parati #fypシ #mexico
     #pandemuerto ♬ sonido original – Budar

   Mexico Daily Post

Share this:

     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to print (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...

Related

     * TAGS
     * american girl
     * bread of the dead
     * human ashes
     * PAN DE MUERTO

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https://mexicodailypost.
   com/2022/10/15/american-criticized-for-saying-that-bread-of-the-dead-is
   -made-from-the-ashes-of-the-deceased/&amp;layout=button_count&amp;show_faces=fa
   lse&amp;width=105&amp;action=like&amp;colorscheme=light&amp;height=21

   Facebook
   Twitter
   Tumblr
   Linkedin
   Mix
   ReddIt
   WhatsApp
   Pinterest

   Previous articleThe U.S. government began deporting dozens of
   Venezuelans to Mexico
   Next articleWhat is the significance of the murals recently found in
   Tepoztlan, Morelos?
   MDP Newsroom

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR

How an Expat’s Opinion Of What It Would Be Like To Live In Mexico Changed
After Moving to Mexico

CDMX is safer than Miami, Denver and Dallas

Flying with pets in Mexico horror stories

   ADVERTISEMENT

   ADVERTISEMENT

   Advertisement

FOLLOW US IN

     * National
     * Mexican States
          + Aguascalientes News
            Baja California News
            Baja California Sur News
            Aguascalientes News
            Campeche News
            CDMX News
            Chiapas News
            Chihuahua News
            Coahuila News
            Colima News
            Durango News
            Estado de Mexico News
            Guanajuato News
            Guerrero News
            Hidalgo News
            Jalisco News
            Michoacan News
            Morelos News
            Nayarit News
            Nuevo León News
            Oaxaca News
            Puebla News
            Queretaro News
            Quintana Roo News
            San Luis Potosí News
            Sinaloa News
            Sonora News
            Tabasco News
            Tamaulipas News
            Tlaxcala News
            Veracruz News
            Yucatan News
            Zacatecas News

Share this:
               o Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
               o Click to print (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
               o Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
               o

Like this:
            Like Loading…

Related
     * Real Estate
     * Business
     * Mexico Living
          +

Mexican Traditions on New Year’s Eve

Mexican Posadas: a tradition that is very much alive

These are the official holidays and school vacations in Mexico for…

Price of gasoline in Mexico this December 24

Prices of beer and cigarettes are officially to increase today Monday,…
     * Health
     * Food &amp; Drink
     * Travel
     * RSS

Check out our news outlets.

The Yucatán Post

The Cancun Post

Baja California Post

The Tabasco Post

Campeche Post

The Oaxaca Post

San Cristobal Post

The Querétaro Post

The Guerrero Post

Monterrey Daily Post

The Guadalajara Post

The Mazatlán Post

The Durango Post

The Mexico City Post

Morelos Daily Post

Aguascalientes Daily Post

San Miguel Post

Hidalgo Daily Post

Michoacan Post

San Luis Potosi Post

Tamaulipas Post

The Queretaro Post

The Chihuahua Post

The Nayarit Post

The Sonora Post

Puebla Post

The Torreon Post

Veracruz Daily Post

Zacatecas Post

   ©

   Go to mobile version

   IFRAME: likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-12">
<text>
   [tr?id=166148367275777&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1] #Jacobin - Feed

Jacobin

     * Subscribe
     * Magazine
     * Donate
     * Catalyst

     *
     *
     *
     *

Africa Is Not Immune to the Rising Tide of Xenophobia

     *
     *
     * Login
     *

     * Subscribe
     * Back Issues
     * Donate
     * Store

     * Magazine
     * Blog
     * Catalyst

     * About
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise

   ____________________ Search Icon

   Email ____________________
   {{ errors.email }}
   Password ____________________
   {{ errors.password }}
   {{ error }}
   Forgot password? (BUTTON) Log in
   ← Back
   Enter email to receive password reset link ____________________
   {{ forgot_errors.email }}
   {{ forgot_error }}
   (BUTTON) Submit
   {{ forgot_success }}

   Our new issue on dealignment and democracy is out now. Subscribe today
   to get it in print!

   10.11.2022
     * South Africa

     * Politics
     * Inequality

     *
     *
     *
     *

             Africa Is Not Immune to the Rising Tide of Xenophobia

   By
          Thomas Lesaffre

   Xenophobic politics aren’t just on the rise in the West, but in African
   countries like South Africa. And the culprit is similar: a ruling elite
   that refuses to address rapacious economic inequality and instead fans
   the flame of anti-foreign resentment.

   A foreign national moves goods from a looted shop in the Johannesburg
   township of Alexandra on September 3, 2019 after South Africa's
   financial capital was hit by a new wave of anti-foreigner violence.
   (Michele Spatari / AFP via Getty Images)

   The new issue of Jacobin is out now. Subscribe today and get a yearlong
   print and digital subscription.

From Bowling Alone to Posting Alone

   Anton Jäger

Chile’s Vote Was a Rebuke of the 21st-Century Left. Will We Listen?

   René Rojas

Debt-Trap Democracy

   Astra Taylor

Taking Back Left Parties From the Brahmins

   Thomas Piketty Clara Martínez-Toledano Amory Gethin

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly associating foreigner activities in the country with insecurity
   as opposed to economic growth. Finally, news highlights in South Africa
   now include scenes of burnt shacks, palpable fear, and public protests
   as angry mobs frantically search for undocumented foreigners. To fully
   understand why South Africa and its democratic institutions are
   entering a nationalist winter, a snippet of African political history
   is helpful.

   Naturally, xenophobia is not a new phenomenon for the rainbow nation;
   xenophobic violence dates back to 2008 and has already been largely
   commented on through an array of media platforms. However, what seems
   to be surfacing is a new form of institutionalized xenophobia rising
   from within the state. A few years ago, no political entrepreneurs had
   seriously taken ownership of the xenophobic agenda. The issue mainly
   emerged from an impoverished population that focused their efforts on
   looting local spaza shops typically owned by foreigners from other
   African countries, as opposed to retail giants owned by white South
   African capital (which was what happened during the July riots of
   2021).

   Elsewhere on the continent, other historical examples of such narrow
   nationalism abound. In 1989, in the middle of a long economic crisis
   and after many marches contesting his power, president Abdou Diouf of
   Senegal signed a decree to expel approximately 170,000 Mauritanians. At
   that point, the Parti Socialist Senegalais of Léopold Sédar Senghor had
   been in power since independence in 1960, and Diouf was Senghor’s
   successor. President Diouf did what many had done before him in
   response to an economic meltdown: blame the “aliens” and “foreigners”
   in a clumsy attempt to gain back political legitimacy without
   addressing the inequities of a rapacious neoliberal economic order.

   In 1968, only two years after toppling the Ghanaian father of
   independence and pan-African hero, Kwame Nkrumah, Ghanaian prime
   minister Kofi Busia fell into the same trap: blaming foreigners, rather
   than the national bourgeoisie for the country’s economic downfall. In
   1968, Legislative Instrument 553 decreed that all non-Ghanaians had to
   have a work permit before they could act as employer, self-employed
   person, or employees. A Compliance Order was issued in the same year
   giving all foreigners without residence permits two weeks to obtain
   them or leave the country. Naturally, very few Africans had the
   necessary papers, and could not even claim it from their
   institutionally weak embassy. The police and the army were sent to
   search for and arrest all foreign nationals lacking papers. Ghanaians
   were encouraged to believe that the departure of the “aliens” would
   solve all the country’s economic problems. Most of them were Nigerian
   and ended up coming back in the middle of the Biafra civil war.

   Busia’s fall from power was even faster than Diouf ’s in Senegal. It
   took Ghanaians only a few months to realize they had been played and he
   was forced into exile in England the following year. The rise of
   xenophobic politics from within the state itself did not bring back
   economic growth in the country. Instead, inflation skyrocketed and food
   was scarce. Unable to address these economic challenges and faced with
   rising popular anger, the state responded militarily to discipline its
   own citizens, forcing millions of Ghanaian youth to leave the country
   on the very same roads that were once used to expel foreign nationals.

   Millions of them arrived in Nigeria, where a petroleum-driven economy
   was booming. As petrol prices began to rise, Nigeria had nationalized
   the industry and attained a production level of more than two million
   barrels of crude oil a day. By 1982, the oil industries had generated
   more than US$101 billion for the country’s elites. Not only were there
   West Africans entering Nigeria, but there was an influx of people from
   rural areas migrating to the cities. Life was good. However, due to a
   recession in the large petroleum consumer market in the early 1980s,
   the economic boom in Nigeria waned significantly. President Shehu
   Shagari, then, found himself in the same position as his Ghanaian
   counterpart a few years before. The state under his leadership
   responded similarly, and in 1982, began expelling nonnationals,
   criminalizing their activities and blaming them for the failing
   economy. Most businesses they owned crumbled and the few that survived
   were shared within power circles and extended to the party patronage.
   Like in Ghana and Senegal, it did not make the economic situation
   better for all, but rather reinforced a kleptocratic elite.

   By the time the Nigerian national election of 1983 came about, Shagari
   and the policemen in charge of the “Ghana Must Go” operation directed
   their violence toward impoverished Nigerian citizens demanding change
   where none was forthcoming after the expulsion of foreign nationals.
   For the Nigerian governing elite, institutionalizing xenophobia was a
   step to reinforce the state’s capacity to discipline the masses, while
   at the same time politically trying to gain back legitimacy. Less than
   nine months after Shagari was kicked out of power, he had to flee the
   country like Kofi Busia. A year later, then military ruler General
   Muhammdu Buhari (who is now Nigeria’s incumbent president), announced
   another round of expulsions, this time, of all foreigners, including
   those with residence permits. About seven hundred thousand people were
   forced out of the country.

   Returning to present-day South Africa, after twenty-nine years of
   neoliberal failure, xenophobia appears a satisfying answer for a
   national bourgeoisie that has thus far avoided redistributing
   sufficient wealth to the majority of South Africans, who remain
   impoverished and exploited. South African exceptionalism is a myth; we
   are not alone in facing the morbid symptoms of postcolonial decay,
   where national elites, often erstwhile liberators, lack political
   imagination.

   Institutionalized xenophobia offers false narratives of better days to
   come. Indeed, African political history teaches us that for a short
   period of time the national elite is safe, being seen as “doing its
   job” for the people, but the chimera won’t last. If and when foreigners
   leave, the situation will not improve. People’s anger will be
   redirected to the national elite, as demonstrated in Nigeria, Ghana,
   and Senegal.

   Republished from Africa Is a Country.

Share this article

   Facebook Twitter Email

Contributors

   Thomas Lesaffre is politics and governance teacher at the African
   Leadership Academy and a freelance journalist.

Filed Under

     * South Africa

     * Politics
     * Inequality

     * Wealth Inequality
     * Xenophobia
     * Ghana
     * Senegal

   (BUTTON) Remove Icon

Sign up for our mailing list

   ____________________

   This doesn’t appear to be a valid email.
   (BUTTON) Submit

   Thanks for signing up! →

   Already on our list? Get our print magazine for just $20 a year.

   ESC

Select a text size

Small

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Medium

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Large

   In South Africa there seems to be a seasonal shift: discussions around
   Zimbabwe and Lesotho workers permits are being hosted by cabinet; laws
   and administration around visa renewals and working permits have been
   changed in the last few months; members of the governing party, the
   African National Congress, are asking for border reinforcement and
   openly […]

Further Reading

The African Infrastructure Scam

     * Zahra Moloo

We Can’t Understand South Africa’s Racial Inequalities Without Looking at
Capitalism

     * Niall Reddy
     * William Shoki

South Africa’s Widespread Corruption Is the Rotten Fruit of Apartheid

     * Ayanda Kota

Why Kwame Nkrumah’s Socialist, Pan-African Vision Continues to Inspire
Radicals Today

     * Benjamin Talton
     * Anakwa Dwamena

     * Subscribe
     * Donate

   The new issue of Jacobin is out now. Subscribe today and get a yearlong
   print and digital subscription.

   A journal of theory and strategy published by Jacobin

Sign up for our mailing list

   ____________________

   Invalid email address
   (BUTTON) Submit
   Thanks for signing up!

     * Catalyst
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * © 2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-13">
<text>
   #Economy Economy

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * Skip to main content
     * Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * NPR logo
     *
     *
     * NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) >gt; Close Navigation Menu
     * Home
     * News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + National
          + World
          + Politics
          + Business
          + Health
          + Science
          + Climate
          + Race
     * Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + Books
          + Movies
          + Television
          + Pop Culture
          + Food
          + Art &amp; Design
          + Performing Arts
          + Life Kit
     * Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + Best Music of 2022
          + Tiny Desk
          + #NowPlaying
          + All Songs Considered
          + Music Features
          + Live Sessions
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts &amp;
       Shows
       Daily
          + Morning Edition
          + Weekend Edition Saturday
          + Weekend Edition Sunday
          + All Things Considered
          + Fresh Air
          + Up First
       Featured
          + Embedded
          + Planet Money
          + Life Kit
          + NPR's Book of the Day
          + More Podcasts &amp; Shows
     * Search
     *
     * NPR Shop

     * NPR Music NPR Music
     * Best Music of 2022
     * Tiny Desk
     * #NowPlaying
     * All Songs Considered
     * Music Features
     * Live Sessions

     * About NPR
     * Diversity
     * Organization
     * Support
     * Careers
     * Connect
     * Press
     * Ethics

   How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?
   The average home price in Canada has skyrocketed to over $800,000.
   Globe and Mail real estate reporter Rachelle Younglai tells NPR's Sacha
   Pfeiffer how parliament hopes to address the crisis.

Economy

How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?

     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

   May 21, 20225:13 PM ET
   Heard on All Things Considered

How much will Canada's block on foreign buyers help its housing crisis?

   Listen · 4:45 4:45
   (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
     * Transcript

   The average home price in Canada has skyrocketed to over $800,000.
   Globe and Mail real estate reporter Rachelle Younglai tells NPR's Sacha
   Pfeiffer how parliament hopes to address the crisis.

   SACHA PFEIFFER, HOST:

   Earlier in the program, we talked about the challenges of buying a
   house in the United States right now in Canada. There's also a housing
   crisis. Real estate prices there have become stratospheric. So in its
   national budget this spring, the Canadian federal government made a
   proposal to address the problem - a two-year ban on home sales to
   foreign buyers. But how would prohibiting foreigners from buying houses
   in Canada affect the Canadian real estate market? We're going to put
   that question to Rachelle Younglai. She covers real estate for the
   Globe and Mail in Toronto. Hi, Michelle.

   RACHELLE YOUNGLAI: Hi.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle, here in the United States, the housing market is
   also just bonkers. If you're a seller, you're probably happy. If you're
   a buyer, you're probably demoralized. Would you give us a sense of what
   the market is like in Canada, including whether this is just a big-city
   problem or everywhere?

   YOUNGLAI: It's an everywhere problem. It's a national problem. Over the
   past two years, house prices have gone up by 50%. The typical home
   price in Canada across the country is over $800,000. It's a huge
   problem. And that's what we're dealing with right now.

   PFEIFFER: So the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, wants to lock
   foreign buyers out of the market. But how much of the Canadian housing
   market is even owned by foreign buyers? And would you expect to see any
   real impact from that kind of ban?

   YOUNGLAI: Well, the latest data shows that foreign owners own a very
   small share of the housing stock. In Ontario, for example, they own
   2.2% of homes. In British Columbia, they own 3.1%. That was data as of
   2020. So it's a very, very small share. And we also have an idea that
   domestic buyers, Canadian buyers, were behind the latest real estate
   boom, not foreign buyers. So I would say this ban will not have a huge
   impact on home prices here.

   PFEIFFER: Then why would the country propose that ban at all?

   YOUNGLAI: I think it's politically convenient since foreigners can't
   vote here. They're an easy scapegoat. And that's, I mean, I think one
   of the main reasons.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle, here in the U.S., people depressed by American
   politics sometimes joke or maybe not always joke - maybe they're
   serious - that they want to move to Canada. If these people hear about
   this proposed ban, they might think that their window of opportunity is
   closing. But this proposal has a lot of loopholes. So is it not as
   draconian as it sounds?

   YOUNGLAI: Oh, yeah, for sure. I mean, there are lots of exemptions. So,
   for example, if you are a foreign student and you intend to make Canada
   your home, you are allowed to buy. If you're a foreign worker with a
   visa, you can also buy. If you're married to a Canadian, you can buy.
   And also, it's a two-year ban. So you could always wait. And the other
   thing is it's not even - it's not a law yet.

   PFEIFFER: It's still a proposal.

   YOUNGLAI: It's still a proposal. Right.

   PFEIFFER: So interesting. I mean, as you're saying, it sounds like it's
   not as scary sounding as the headline makes it seem. And if banning
   foreigners from buying homes in Canada is unlikely to free up more
   houses, are unlikely to bring prices down, and it's more of a domestic
   problem, then what else does the Canadian government think would help?
   Because I've read, for example, that there are also proposals to boost
   construction and help first time homebuyers save for a down payment.
   Anything else on the table?

   YOUNGLAI: Yeah. They have another plan to prevent people from flipping
   their houses. So they have a proposal to tax you if you sell your house
   within a year of buying it. So that's that's one plan. You mentioned
   the boost in construction. One of their plans is to double or to try to
   increase the pace of construction. It's not really clear whether that
   will work either, because we, like your country, are facing a labor
   shortage, especially in trades. So even if cities were on board to
   increase the pace of construction, there is no one to do the work.

   PFEIFFER: And it also sounds like none of these are quick fixes that
   are going to overnight make the home market, the housing market more
   accessible. So I have a bigger picture question for you, which is if
   homeownership is a goal in an ideal for so many people, I mean, here in
   the U.S., it's central to that concept of the American dream, do
   Canadians just need to lower their expectations about someday owning a
   home and think about renting as a good long-term option?

   YOUNGLAI: Yeah, for sure. For sure. I mean, it's a huge goal for
   Canadians, too. Most Canadians don't want to rent. They want to own.
   And people always talk about how we should look at Europe. People rent
   and they're fine with renting. But Canadians are not fine with renting.
   They want to own. So yeah, it is a shift in thinking. We're definitely
   not there yet.

   PFEIFFER: Rachelle Younglai is a reporter with the Globe and Mail.
   Thank you very much for talking about this.

   YOUNGLAI: Thank you.

   Copyright © 2022 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of
   use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.

   NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by an NPR contractor.
   This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in
   the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative
   record of NPR’s programming is the audio record.
     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

Read &amp; Listen

     * Home
     * News
     * Culture
     * Music
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows

Connect

     * Newsletters
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Press
     * Contact &amp; Help

About NPR

     * Overview
     * Diversity
     * Ethics
     * Finances
     * Public Editor
     * Corrections

Get Involved

     * Support Public Radio
     * Sponsor NPR
     * NPR Careers
     * NPR Shop
     * NPR Events
     * NPR Extra

     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Your Privacy Choices
     * Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Become an NPR sponsor
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-15">
<text>
   U.S. flag An official website of the United States Government
     * Skip Navigation
     * Accessibility
     * Languages
     * Contact

   (BUTTON) MENU MENU

Seal of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 1789 U.S. Department of the
Treasury

   Seal of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 1789
     * About Treasury
       About Treasury

General Information
       Role of the Treasury
       Officials
       Organizational Chart
       Orders and Directives

Offices
       Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility
       Domestic Finance
       Economic Policy
       General Counsel
       International Affairs
       Management
       Public Affairs
       Tax Policy
       Terrorism and Financial Intelligence
       Inspectors General

Bureaus
       Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB)
       Bureau of Engraving &amp; Printing (BEP)
       Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
       Bureau of the Fiscal Service (BFS)
       Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
       Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
       U.S. Mint
       Office of Inspector General (OIG)
       Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA)
       Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program
       (SIGTARP)
       Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery (SIGPR)

Budget, Financial Reporting, Planning and Performance
       Strategic Plan
       Budget Request/Annual Performance Plan and Reports
       Agency Financial Report
       Inspector General Audits and Investigative Reports
       Climate Action Plan

History
       Curator
       History Overview
       Prior Secretaries
       Prior Treasurers
       The Treasury Building
       Collections
       Freedman's Bank Building

Careers
       At Headquarters
       At Our Bureaus
       Top 10 Reasons to Work Here
       Benefits and Growth
       Diversity
       Veterans Employment
       Pathways
       How to Apply
       Search Jobs
     * Policy Issues
       Policy Issues

COVID19 Economic Relief
       American Families and Workers
       Small Businesses
       State, Local, and Tribal Governments
       American Industry

Tax Policy
       Revenue Proposals
       Tax Expenditures
       International Tax
       Treaties and Related Documents
       Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)
       Reports
       Tax Analysis
       Tax Regulatory Reform

Economic Policy
       Treasury Coupon Issues
       Corporate Bond Yield Curve
       Economic Policy Reports
       Social Security and Medicare
       Total Taxable Resources

Terrorism and Illicit Finance
       Sanctions
       Asset Forfeiture
       311 Actions
       Terrorist Finance Tracking Program
       Money Laundering
       Financial Action Task Force
       Protecting Charitable Organizations

Financing the Government
       Treasury Quarterly Refunding
       Interest Rate Statistics
       Treasury Securities
       Treasury Investor Data
       Debt Management Research

Financial Markets, Financial Institutions, and Fiscal Service
       Cash and Debt Forecasting
       Debt Limit
       Financial Stability Oversight Council
       Federal Insurance Office
       RESTORE Act
       1603 Program
       The Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) Fund
       Making Home Affordable

Financial Sanctions
       Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN List)
       Consolidated Sanctions List
       Search OFAC's Sanctions Lists
       Additional Sanctions Lists
       OFAC Recent Actions
       Sanctions Programs and Country Information
       Frequently Asked Questions
       OFAC Civil Penalties and Enforcement
       Contact OFAC

Consumer Policy
       Financial Literacy and Education Commission
       Mymoney.gov
       Innovations in Financial Services
       Featured Research

International
       The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)
       Exchange Stabilization Fund
       G-7 and G-20
       International Monetary Fund
       Multilateral Development Banks
       Macroeconomic and Foreign Exchange Policies of Major Trading
       Partners
       Exchange Rate Analysis
       U.S.-China Comprehensive Strategic Economic Dialogue (CED)

Small Business Programs
       Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization
       Small Business Lending Fund
       State Small Business Credit Initiative

Tribal Affairs
     * Data
       Data

Interest Rates
       Daily Treasury Par Yield Curve Rates
       Daily Treasury Par Real Yield Curve Rates
       Daily Treasury Bill Rates
       Daily Treasury Long-Term Rates
       Daily Treasury Real Long-Term Rates

Treasury Coupon-Issue and Corporate Bond Yield Curve
       Treasury Coupon Issues
       Corporate Bond Yield Curve

Federal Financial Data
       Your Guide to America’s Finances
       Monthly Treasury Statement
       Daily Treasury Statement

How Your Money Is Spent
       USAspending.gov

National Debt
       National Debt to the Penny
       Historical Debt Outstanding
       Monthly Statement of the Public Debt

Quarterly Refunding
       Debt Management Overview and Quarterly Refunding Process
       Most Recent Documents
       Archives
       Webcasts

Investor Class Auction Allotments

Other Programs

Treasury International Capital (TIC) System
       U.S International Portfolio Investment Statistics
       Release Dates
       Forms and Instructions

U.S. International Reserve Position

Troubled Assets Relief Program
       Reports
     * Services
       Services

Report Fraud, Waste &amp; Abuse
       Report COVID-19 Scam Attempts
       Report Scam Attempts
       Report Fraud Related to Government Contracts
       Inspectors General

Bonds and Securities
       Buy, Manage, and Redeem
       Treasury Hunt - Search for Matured Bonds
       Cashing Savings Bonds in Disaster-Declared Areas
       Frequently Asked Questions

Grant Programs
       Pay for Results (SIPPRA)
       RESTORE Act
       Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) Fund

Treasury Payments
       Where is my Refund?
       Lost or Expired Check
       Direct Express Card
       Non-Benefit Federal Payments
       Electronic Federal Benefit Payments - GoDirect

Currency and Coins
       Shop for Coin Products
       Shop for Currency Products
       Redeem Damaged Currency
       Bureau of Engraving and Printing
       U.S Mint

Auctions
       IRS Auctions
       Real Estate
       General Property, Vehicles, Vessels &amp; Aircraft

Kline-Miller Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014
       Applications
       Frequently Asked Questions

Education

Taxes
       Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
       IRS Forms, Instructions &amp; Publications
       Refund Status
       Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

Forms
       IRS Forms and Instructions
       Savings Bonds - Treasury Securities
       Bank Secrecy Act - Fincen 114 and more
       OFAC Reporting and License Applications
       Treasury International Capital (TIC)

Government Shared Services
       Enterprise Business Solutions (EBS)
       Treasury Franchise Fund (TFF)
       Administrative Resource Center (ARC)
       Shared Services Program (SSP)
       TreasuryDirect
       Invoice Processing Platform

Tours and Library
       Historic Treasury Building
       Library
       Curator
       Bureau of Engraving and Printing
       U.S. Mint
     * News
       News

Featured Stories
       December 9, 2022
       On Anti-Corruption Day, A Look at Treasury Efforts to Counter
       Corruption
       December 6, 2022
       Biden-Harris Administration Announces Florida, Georgia, Iowa,
       Minnesota, Missouri and Utah to Receive Nearly $1 Billion in
       American Rescue Plan Funds to Increase Access to Affordable,
       High-Speed Internet
       December 6, 2022
       SAVE THE DATE: U.S.-EU Trade and Technology Council – 2022 Outreach
       to Stakeholders on Investment Screening
       View all Featured Stories

Press Releases
       December 30, 2022
       Year in Review: Treasury’s Top Accomplishments During Year Two of
       the Biden-Harris Administration
       December 29, 2022
       Treasury Releases Additional Information on Clean Vehicle
       Provisions of Inflation Reduction Act
       December 21, 2022
       Treasury Sanctions Iranian Regime Officials Tied to Continued
       Violence Against Protestors
       View All Press Releases

Remarks and Statements
       December 16, 2022
       Statement from Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen on the
       European Union Directive Implementing a Global Minimum Tax
       December 15, 2022
       Remarks by Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen at Bilateral
       Meeting with the President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall
       December 15, 2022
       Remarks by Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen at U.S.-Africa
       Leaders Summit: Heads of State Session on Food Security
       View All Remarks and Statements

Press Information
       Press Contacts
       Weekly Public Schedule Archive
       Webcasts
       Media Advisories Archive
       Subscribe to Press Releases

Twitter
       Tue, 12/20/2022 - 16:15
       RT @TreasuryDepSec: The general licenses released today reflect our
       commitment to ensuring humanitarian assistance and related trade
       contin…
       Fri, 12/16/2022 - 11:10
       At the #AfricaLeadersSummit, @SecYellen &amp; @TreasuryDepSec met with
       representatives from countries across Africa to…
       https://t.co/3NsL0OsGAj
       View All Tweets
     * Search
       Search ____________________________________________________________
       Go
       Search

The Public
          + General Public
               o Auctions
               o Report Scam Attempts
               o Savings Bonds

Businesses
          + All Businesses
               o Form 941, employer's quarterly federal tax return
               o Employer Identification Number (EIN)
          + Small Businesses
               o Small Business Contacts

Financial Institutions
          + All Financial Institutions
               o Specially Designated Nationals list
               o Interest rate statistics
               o Quarterly refunding information

Government
          + Federal Government
               o Budget, Financial Reporting, Planning and Performance
               o Shared Services
               o TreasuryDirect for Government

Breadcrumb

    1. Home
    2. Treasury International Capital (TIC) System

U.S. Liabilities to Foreigners from Holdings of U.S. Securities

   (BUTTON) Contact TIC &amp; Using TIC


REPORTS: Foreign Residents' Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities (SHL &amp; SHLA
annual surveys)

   -- (4-29-2022) Historical data from the surveys during 1974-2021 are
   available showing the market value of foreign portfolio holdings of
   U.S. securities by country and by type of security. (Also in "CSV" and
   "tab-delimited text" formats.)


    1. (4-29-2022).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/30/2021 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 30, 2021. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys. Click on the page number in the Table
       of Contents to go to a section of interest.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/29/2022.

    2. (4-30-2021).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/30/2020 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 30, 2020. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2021.

    3. (4-30-2020).Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of
       6/28/2019 (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual
       survey as of June 28, 2019. It includes comparisons with the
       results of previous surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT(tab-delimited) format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2020.

    4. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/29/2018
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2018. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys. (There was a revision on 05-15-2019 when a correction was
       made in Exhibit 15 (p. 27), the accompanying discussion (p. 26),
       and the corresponding table in Appendix B (p. 11) because of a data
       processing error in the original file released on 04-30-2019.)
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2019.

    5. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2017
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2017. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There is a press release dated 04/30/2018.

    6. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2016
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2016. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in TXT format.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/28/2017.

    7. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2015
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2015. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys since 2008.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in tab-delimited text format.
       -- There was a press release dated 05/31/2016.

    8. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2014
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the benchmark survey as
       of June 30, 2014. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2007.
       -- The appendix tables (zip file) can be downloaded and opened. For
       each appendix table there are three files: one in PDF format, one
       in CSV format, and one in tab-delimited text format.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2015.

    9. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2013
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2013. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2006.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2014.

   10. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2012
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2012. It includes comparisons with the results of previous
       surveys since 2005. The 2012 data for Hong Kong and Taiwan have
       been revised since publication of this 2012 report. The revision is
       a shift of $83 billion in holdings of long-term agency securities
       from Hong Kong to Taiwan. This change affects the rows for Taiwan
       and Hong Kong in table 8, and in appendix tables A1, A2, A5, A7,
       and A9 in this 2012 report. In later reports, such as the survey
       report for June 30, 2013, the corrected data appear in historical
       appendix tables A7 and A9.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2013.

   11. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2011
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2011. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2004.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program. (Note: If file opens in text, then closing &amp;
       reopening may help.)
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2012.

   12. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2010
       (PDF). This report presents the findings of the annual survey as of
       June 30, 2010. It includes comparisons with the results of
       previous surveys since 2003.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened with
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/29/2011.

   13. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2009 (PDF)
       (4-30-2010; table 2 revised 5-13-2010). This report presents the
       findings of the benchmark survey as of June 30, 2009. It includes
       comparisons with the results of previous surveys since 2002.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened into
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2010.

   14. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2008 (PDF)
       (4-30-09; 11-18-09 small corrections made to percentages shown in
       table 2; 9-20-10 totals corrected in table 24 on page 54). This
       report presents the findings of the annual survey as of June 30,
       2008. It includes comparisons with the results of previous surveys
       since 2000.
       -- The appendix tables (MHT file) can be downloaded and opened into
       a spreadsheet program.
       -- There was a press release dated 04/30/2009.

   15. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2007 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 04/30/2008.

   16. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2006 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 05/31/2007. This survey includes, for the
       first time, holdings of U.S. MBS securities, a part of ABS
       securities.

   17. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2005 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 06/30/2006.

   18. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2004 (PDF)
       . Press release was dated 06/30/2005.

   19. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2003
       (PDF). This survey includes, for the first time, holdings of U.S.
       ABS securities.

   20. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Securities as of 6/30/2002
       (PDF). This survey includes, for the first time, holdings of
       short-term U.S. securities.

   21. Foreign Portfolio Holdings of U.S. Long-Term Securities as of
       3/31/2000 (PDF) . This report presents the findings of the
       benchmark survey as of March 31, 2000. Chapter 3 presents selected
       estimates for end-2001.

   22. Foreign Portfolio Investment in the United States - 12/31/97. This
       report summarizes the findings of the benchmark survey as of
       December 31, 1994. It includes estimates for several aggregates as
       of end-1997.



   Reference - recommended


   (May 2012) Improving the Measurement of Cross-Border Securities
   Holdings: The Treasury International Capital SLT (PDF). In the wake of
   the financial crisis, growing interest in improving the measurement of
   cross-border securities positions spurred the introduction of a new
   Treasury International Capital (TIC) reporting form, the TIC SLT. This
   article reviews the existing structure of TIC cross-border position and
   flow data, the benefits that the new SLT can provide, and the incoming
   information from the first two reporting months of SLT data, September
   and December 2011. While some patterns and characteristics of the SLT
   data will become clear only after more data have accumulated, the SLT
   data have already begun to provide timely insights on U.S. and foreign
   cross-border investment flows that are different from the monthly
   estimates provided by existing flow data. It is from the Federal
   Reserve Bulletin, Volume 98, May 23, 2012, Board of Governors of the
   Federal Reserve System.
   For other articles on TIC data, see the Articles on TIC webpage.

Bureaus

     * Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade (TTB)
     * Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP)
     * Bureau of the Fiscal Service (BFS)
     * Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
     * Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
     * Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
     * U.S. Mint

Inspector General Sites

     * Office of Inspector General (OIG)
     * Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA)
     * Special Inspector General, Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP)
     * Report Scams, Fraud, Waste &amp; Abuse
     * Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery (SIGPR)

U.S. Government Shared

     * Enterprise Business Solutions
     * Administrative Resource Center (ARC)- Bureau of the Fiscal Service
     * Treasury Direct Services for Governments

Additional Resources

     * Privacy Act
     * Small Business Contacts
     * Budget and Performance
     * TreasuryDirect.gov Securities/Bonds
     * Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
     * No FEAR Act Data
     * Whistleblower Protection

Other Government Sites

     * USA.gov
     * USAJOBS.gov
     * OPM.gov
     * MyMoney.gov
     * Data.gov
     * Forms.gov
     * Regulations.gov
     * PaymentAccuracy.gov
     * my Social Security
     * Vote.gov

     * العربية
     * 中文
     * Español
     * 한국어
     * Tagalog
     * TiếngViệt

     * Privacy Policy
     * Google Privacy
     * Site Policies and Notices
     * FAQs
     * Feedback
     * Careers
     * Accessibility

   Required Plug-ins Adobe® Reader®
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-16">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   Home

   (BUTTON)
   Show more languages
     * English
     * Norsk

Foreigners in Norway

   Information about your health rights as a foreigner in Norway.

For those who work or study in Norway

     * Au pairs from countries outside the EU/EEA and Switzerland
     * Certificate S1 for employees, posted workers and pensioners
     * Cross-border workers in EU/EEA countries
     * Employees from a country outside the EU/EEA
     * Employees from the EU/EEA or Switzerland who live and work in
       Norway
     * Employees from the EU/EEA or Switzerland who work in Norway but do
       not live here
     * Posted workers from countries in the EU/EEA or Switzerland in
       Norway
     * Students from countries outside the EU/EEA or Switzerland studying
       in Norway
     * Students from the EU/EEA or Switzerland studying in Norway

EEA citizens seeking to receive planned healthcare in Norway

   As an EEA citizen you have the right to come to Norway and receive
   planned healthcare within the specialised health service here.

For tourists in Norway

     * Healthcare benefits during a temporary stay in Norway
     * Tourists from countries outside the EU/EEA and Switzerland on
       holiday in Norway
     * Tourists from the EU/EEA or Switzerland on holiday in Norway

For refugees and asylum seekers

     * Healthcare for asylum seekers and refugees in Norway
     * Healthcare for persons without legal residence in Norway
     * Healthcare for those who visit Norway without applying for
       protection (asylum)
     * Transfer from Ukraine to Norway for hospital treatment

   Smiling woman in a kitchen

Healthcare rights of pensioners moving to Norway

   This article explains the healthcare rights of pensioners who move to
   Norway.

   Illustration: Morten Rakke / Helfo

Did you find what you were looking for?

   (BUTTON)
   Yes
   (BUTTON)
   No
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-17">
<text>
Odisha Police

   Odisha police
     * Home

                                    image

DGP's Desk

   I assumed charge as Director General (HoPF) of Odisha Police ...
   odisha portal odisha portal

Notice and Advertisement GO TO MAIN WEBSITE

    1.

Detailed Advertisement for the recruitment of Constables(civil)-2022
    2.

Odisha Police Service (Method of Recruitment and Conditions of Service of
Constables ) Order-2021
    3.

Indicative Advertisement for recruitment of Constables(civil)-2022
    4.

Click here to apply

   india gov digital India odisha district

   State Police Headquarter, Buxi Bazar, Cuttack- 753001 , Odisha, India
   Phone: 0671-2304001, Fax Number : 0671-2304354 E-mail
   :sphqrs.odpol@nic.in
   copyright © 2013 - 2022 Odisha Police. All Rights Reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-18">
<text>
   Czech Republic Government

   euroskop.cz Informační centrum vlády

   Skip to: main text | navigation

Navigace

     * Home
     * Members of the Government
     * Government Meetings
     * Media Centre
     * European Affairs
     * Advisory and Working Bodies
     * Office of the Government

   [ ]

Search

   Insert text for searching

   _________________ search

     * česká verzeCZ

   ministersmeetingsmediaEUcouncilsoffice
     * Press Advisories
     * Scheduled Events
     * Press Releases
     * Press Conferences
     * Introducing
     * Government Meetings
     * Important Documents
     * Important Information
     * Contacts

Press Advisories

   28. 2. 2022 21:00

Important covid-19 measures for foreigners

   Important information regarded covid-19 measures for people coming to
   the Czech Republic.


     * On-line arrivals form for the Czech Republic
     * The rules for entering the territory of the Czech republic
     * Vaccination plan
     * Vaccination
     * Visiting Healthcare institutions
     * The obligation to wear face masks


On-line arrivals form for the Czech Republic

   The Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic has launched an on-line
   arrival form. It will have to be completed before arrival in the Czech
   Republic by all those who have stayed for more than 12 hours out of the
   last 14 days in any country that is not on the list of countries with a
   low Covid-19 risk, with the exception of employees of international
   transport firms, EU citizens and foreigners with a long-term or
   permanent residence permit in the EU passing through the Czech Republic
   in 12 hours or less, as well as diplomats and officials of
   international organizations registered with the Ministry of Foreign
   Affairs, provided that their stay here does not exceed 14 days.

   Passengers will find the form on the www.prijezdovyformular.cz website.
   The obligation to complete it will apply to travellers arriving in the
   Czech Republic from Monday 21 September 2020 inclusive.

   The form may be printed out or displayed on a mobile device and shown
   on arrival in the Czech Republic. The form also includes a section on
   fellow passengers, which need only be completed if they are family
   members under the age of 18. These persons need not therefore complete
   their own form, but are part of the form to be completed by an adult.

   After completion and submission of the form, a confirmation of
   completion will be sent to the user at the e-mail address given in the
   form. The e-mail contains a QR code and a link to display the entire
   confirmation, including all data provided. After scanning on any mobile
   phone, the QR code will display the on-line version of the confirmation
   for verification. The displayed verification contains all the data
   provided.

   Detailed information of the Ministry of the Interior.

The rules for entering the territory of the Czech Republic

   The Ministry of Health, as the authorised administrative body under
   Section 80(1)(h) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on the Protection of Public
   Health and on changes to certain related Acts, as amended (hereinafter
   referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”) has decreed the following
   protective measure through a procedure defined in Section 68(1) of Act
   No. 258/2000 Coll. to provide protection from the introduction of
   COVID-19 caused by the novel coronavirus SARSCoV-2:

   I.

   With effect as of 15 February 2022, 00:00 it has been

   I. ordered

   A. Arrivals from EU countries

   1. all persons traveling to the territory of the Czech Republic from EU
   countries, if they have not spent at least 12 hours in the last 14 days
   in a country outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are referred to
   in clause III;

   2. that persons referred to in clause I.7 are exempt from the
   obligations stated in clause I.1; exemptions from partial obligations
   are defined in clauses I.8 through I.12;

   B. Arrivals from non-EU countries

   3. citizens of the Czech Republic and other persons referred to in
   clause I.5 who travel to the territory of the Czech Republic from
   countries outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;
    4. if the person does not possess a national certificate on
       vaccination that has been carried out or a national certificate of
       completed vaccination, or a medical certificate on suffering
       COVID-19 disease in the past, they are required to submit
       themselves to an RT-PCR test not earlier than on the 5th day but no
       later than on the 7th day after their entry into the territory of
       the Czech Republic, if the person still remains in the territory of
       the Czech Republic, unless the public health protection authority
       decides differently in a completely exceptional case;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are reffered to
   in clause III;

   4. other persons who have stayed for more than 12 hours in the last 14
   days in a country outside the European Union,
    1. are required to complete Public Health Passenger Locator Form
       before the start of the transportation;
    2. are required to have the following before the start of the
       transportation:


    1. the result of an RT-PCR test or RAT test, or
    2. national certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a
       national certificate of completed vaccination, or
    3. medical certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past;


    3. when requested to do so during a border or residence check, are
       required to present a document confirming that they filled out the
       Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the document referred to in
       letter b), or a written document that an exemption applies to the
       given person according to this Protective Measure;
    4. if the person does not possess a national certificate on
       vaccination that has been carried out or a national certificate of
       completed vaccination, or a medical certificate on suffering
       COVID-19 disease in the past, they are required to submit
       themselves to an RT-PCR test not earlier than on the 5th day but no
       later than on the 7th day after their entry into the territory of
       the Czech Republic, if the person still remains in the territory of
       the Czech Republic, unless the public health protection authority
       decides otherwise in a completely exceptional case;

   the definition of Public Health Passenger Locator Form, RT-PCR test or
   RAT test, national certificate on vaccination that has been carried
   out, national certificate of completed vaccination and medical
   certificate on suffering COVID-19 disease in the past are referred to
   in clause III;

   5. that other persons are
    1. EU citizens;
    2. family members of Czech citizens or family members of EU citizens
       with a residence permit in the territory of the EU;
    3. foreigners with an issued long-term or permanent residence permits
       in the territory of the EU;

   6. that persons referred to in clause I.7 are exempt from the
   obligations stated in clause I.1; exemptions from partial obligations
   are defined in clauses I.8 through I.12;

   e) Exemptions from Anti-epidemic Measures

   C. a) Exemptions from all anti-epidemic measures defined in this
   Protective Measure

   7. that the obligations arising from the anti-epidemic measures
   implemented under this Protective Measure and relating to arrivals from
   countries with a low, medium, high and very high risk of incidence of
   COVID-19 do not apply to:
    1. international transport employees, if the reason for entry is
       supported by adequate documentary evidence;
    2. persons who are authorised to enter the territory of the Czech
       Republic who


    1. travel via a land route directly to or directly from neighbouring
       countries for a period of time not exceeding 24 hours; except for
       travels started between 30 December 2021 and 1 January 2022;


    3. accredited members of diplomatic missions in the Czech Republic,
       including personal servants, holders of service passports issued by
       the Czech Republic and holders of diplomatic passports travel to or
       from the Czech Republic for purposes of official business and
       officials of international organisations registered with the
       Ministry of Foreign Affairs travelling to or from the Czech
       Republic for purposes of official business, provided that their
       stay in the territory or outside the territory does not exceed 72
       hours;
    4. minor persons with an intellectual disability, with an autism
       spectrum disorder and a cognitive disorder or with a severe
       alteration in mental status, whose mental capabilities or current
       mental status does not allow for complying with this Protective
       Measure and who have had a medical certificate issued in English
       for this purpose by a physician practicing in the Czech Republic or
       in another Member State of the European Union; the certificate must
       contain a seal and the physician’s identification information and
       telephone number;
    5. cross-border workers, pupils and students who legally cross the
       state border with the Czech Republic to or from a neighbouring
       country on a regular basis at least once a week for the purpose of
       performing work or receiving education, and persons who travel to
       or from a neighbouring country for the purpose of exercising the
       right of custody of a minor child or the right of contacting a
       minor child, or for the purpose of visiting a husband or a
       registered partner who is employed or studies in a neighbouring
       country;
    6. officials of the Penitentiary Service or police officers escorting
       individuals or serving as security officers accompanying airplanes;
    7. cross-border collaboration in actions of the integrated rescue
       system forces.
    8. children less than 12 years of age;

   C. b) Exemptions from certain anti-epidemic measures under this
   Protective Measure

   8. that in case of Czech citizens and other persons stated in clause
   I.5 who are arriving by individual means of transport, the obligations
   before arrival into the territory of the Czech Republic as stated in
   this Protective Measure in parts A. and B. do not apply;

   9. that the obligation to have the result of an RT-PCR test before a
   travel does not apply to a holder of a diplomatic note issued by the
   Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the impossibility to procure a test for
   the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus outside the territory of the Czech
   Republic;

   D. Arrival of Covid-positive Persons

   10. that the persons with COVID-19, except for the persons specified in
   clause I.14, are prohibited from entering the territory of the Czech
   Republic;

   11. the citizens of the Czech Republic and their co-travelling family
   members with an issued permit for temporary residence in the territory
   of the Czech Republic, the citizens of the European Union with an
   issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of the Czech
   Republic and the foreign nationals with a permit for permanent
   residence in the territory of the Czech Republic, issued by the Czech
   Republic, in whom a test proved the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus
   less than 14 days before their planned entry into the territory of the
   Czech Republic,
    1. to transport themselves to and subsequently within the territory of
       the Czech Republic by individual means of transport, if possible;
    2. if they are travelling by means of public transport, to notify the
       carrier of possible persisting COVID-19 before starting the travel;
    3. to notify the regional Public Health Office with territorial
       jurisdiction immediately after entering the territory of the Czech
       Republic regardless of the means of transport;

   E. Other Obligations of Persons and Government Authorities Relating to
   the Prevention of the Introduction or Spreading of COVID-19

   12. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries to accept
   only visa applications and applications for temporary and permanent
   residence permits, if the applications fall into the following
   categories:
    1. all the applications filed in third countries, which are on the
       list of countries or territories with a low risk of infection;
    2. all the applications for short-term visas of those persons who,
       under this Protective Measure, are holders of a national
       certificate on vaccination that has been carried out or a national
       certificate of completed vaccination or those persons who have had
       COVID-19, and the period of validity of the certificate is longer
       than the period of validity of the short-term visa applied for; an
       embassy may determine preferential office hours for submission of
       such applications;
    3. applications for long-term or permanent residence permits; an
       embassy may determine preferential office hours for submission of
       such applications;
    4. applications for long-term visas;
    5. applications for short-term visas


    1. for the purpose of seasonal employment or for the purpose of
       employment, if the foreign national is going to be employed in food
       production, health care or social services, or short-term visas for
       the purpose of employment, if the applications are filed by
       citizens of Ukraine in Ukraine, unless they exceed the maximum
       number of such applications determined by the Ministry of foreign
       Affairs in consultation with the Ministry of Health;
    2. for scientists, key and highly skilled workers, provided that the
       conditions defined in the Key and Scientific Staff Programme and
       the Highly Skilled Employee Programme are met, and for workers
       servicing the critical infrastructure;
    3. for the reason specified in clauses II.1(d) through (I);

   13. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries and the
   Ministry of the Interior to stay all proceedings on applications for
   visa and residence permits filed at the embassies of the Czech Republic
   in third countries for those states whose measures implemented due to
   the COVID-19 pandemic do not allow to carry out operations;

   14. the embassies of the Czech Republic in third countries to enter a
   visa into a travel document based only on those applications, which can
   be accepted under clause I.

   15 or for which the proceedings were not stayed according to clause I.
   16; 15. third country nationals, who intend to enter the territory of
   the Czech Republic for the purpose of employment, to present a current
   certificate from the employer that the employer will employ the foreign
   national no later than before a long-term visa or a visa for the
   purpose of collection of a residence permit is entered into their
   travel document, if more than 90 days elapsed since the filing of an
   application for a long-term visa or a longterm residence permit;

   16. foreign nationals detained under Section 27 of Act No. 273/2008
   Coll., on the Police of the Czech Republic, or under Act No. 326/1999
   Coll., on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Territory of the
   Czech Republic and on changes to certain Acts, as amended, to submit
   themselves to the collection of a biological sample for the purpose of
   detecting the presence of COVID-19 and to provide healthcare
   professionals with the necessary collaboration in the process of taking
   this sample at the official sample-taking site of the provider of
   medical services or in the facility for detention of foreigners;

   17. carriers providing international transport of persons, which
   transport persons to the Czech Republic, to not allow transport of
   those travellers who are not authorised to enter the territory of the
   Czech Republic under this Protective Measure or who have failed to
   comply with the obligations specified in clauses I.1 and I.3, unless
   they are exempted from such obligations under clauses I.2 or clauses
   I.4 through I.10;

   II. prohibits

   1. all third country nationals from entering the territory of the Czech
   Republic; this does not apply:
    1. to foreign nationals who provide evidence that they stayed in a
       country with a low risk of infection for at least 14 days
       immediately before entering the territory of the Czech Republic and
       did not stay in the territories of countries with other than a low
       risk of infection for more than 12 hours during the last 14 days;
    2. to holders of valid long-term visas, long-term, temporary or
       permanent residence permits for the territory of the European
       Union;
    3. to foreign nationals who have been issued short-term visas by the
       Czech Republic after 11 May 2020 or by a Member State of the
       European Union on behalf of the Czech Republic under a bilateral
       agreement after 1 August 2021;
    4. to family members within the meaning of Section 15a of Act No.
       326/1999 Coll., on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the
       Territory of the Czech Republic and on changes to certain Acts, as
       amended, of citizens of the Czech Republic or citizens of the
       European Union;
    5. if in exceptional situations the entry and presence of a foreigner
       in the territory of the Czech Republic is absolutely necessary and
       at the same time the reason for entry is proved by an appropriate
       document issued by the head of the central state administration
       authority, which contains a proper specific justification of the
       necessity of the presence of a foreigner in the territory of the
       Czech Republic and fulfilment of the intended purpose cannot be
       ensured in any other way; a mere general indication of the need for
       presence does not fulfil the condition of a proper specific
       justification; the document cannot be issued for accompanying
       family members of the requesting foreigner;
    6. to workers in the field of international transport, provided that
       the reason for their entry is supported by an adequate document;
    7. to accredited members of diplomatic missions in the Czech Republic,
       including personal servants, holders of diplomatic passports
       travelling to the Czech Republic for the purposes of official
       business and to officials of international organisations registered
       with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs;
    8. in urgent extraordinary situations (such as the provision of
       planned medical services, performance of an obligation imposed by a
       court, a travel taken in response to a summons from a government
       authority, execution of a court decision, an official meeting, an
       entrance exam for studies, a national equivalency test, necessary
       care of close family members who are unable to take care of
       themselves on their own, exercise of custody of a minor child or
       exercise of the right to be in contact with a minor child, other
       humanitarian situations), provided that the reason for the entry is
       supported by an adequate document;
    9. a foreign national who is provably in a permanent relationship as a
       partner with a citizen of the Czech Republic or a citizen of the
       European Union with temporary residence exceeding 90 days or
       permanent residence in the Czech Republic, based particularly on
       sharing the same household, and who has been issued with a
       certificate from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in order to allow
       him/her to enter the territory of the Czech Republic under this
       clause;
   10. to vaccinated persons with a national certificate on vaccination
       that has been carried out, to vaccinated persons with a national
       certificate of completed vaccination and to persons who have had
       COVID-19, and the period of stay will not be longer than the period
       of validity of the certificate;
   11. in case of a minor child travelling with his or her legal guardian
       or accompanying another person who holds a national vaccination
       certificate or a national certificate of completed vaccination, or
       who is a person who has undergone COVID-19, and the validity of the
       certificate is longer than the intended length of stay; this
       provision cannot be used for school trips and similar group
       arrivals;
   12. if the entry is in the interest of the Czech Republic’s foreign
       policy, which is decided only by the Minister of Foreign Affairs;
       provided that they meet the conditions for entering as defined in
       this Protective Measure and are otherwise authorised to enter the
       territory of the Czech Republic;

   III. determines

   1. that the list of countries or territories with a low, medium, high
   and very high risk of incidence of COVID-19 is made based on the
   criteria specified in Council Recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 on a
   coordinated approach to facilitate safe free movement during the
   COVID-19 pandemic, with the criteria being:
    1. the “14-day cumulative COVID-19 case notification rate”, i.e. the
       total number of newly notified COVID-19 cases per 100,000
       population in the last 14 days at regional level;
    2. the 'vaccination rate', i.e. the cumulative rate of complete
       vaccination rate by primary vaccination in the general population
       at regional level;
    3. the “testing rate”, i.e. the number of tests for COVID-19 infection
       conducted during the last week per 100,000 population; while the
       following conditions also apply: to achieve an overall score, the
       fortnightly case reporting rate (C) should be weighted by the
       vaccination rate (V) in the region. If the value of either of these
       two criteria is not available at regional level, the value at
       national level should be used. The following formula should be used
       for this purpose: (C+C*(100-V)/100)/2=weighted rate and therefore


    1. the list of countries or territories with a low risk of incidence
       of COVID-19 always contains the Member States of the European Union
       or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted rate is
       lower than 40,
    2. the list of countries or territories with a medium risk of
       incidence of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European
       Union or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted
       rate is lower than 100, but higher than 40 or more,
    3. the list of countries or territories with a high risk of incidence
       of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European Union or, as
       the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted rate is lower
       than 300, but higher than 100 or more,
    4. the list of countries or territories with a very high risk of
       incidence of COVID-19 contains the Member States of the European
       Union or, as the case may be, their parts, for which the weighted
       rate is higher than 300 and the testing rate is 600 or less,

   the list of countries or territories is issued in the form of a
   protective measure;

   2. that complying with the obligation to present a Public Health
   Passenger Locator Form means presenting the form in such a format,
   which allows for definite identification of the holder and checking the
   filled out information; an electronic Public Health Passenger Locator
   Form is available on the website www.prijezdovyformular.cz; the
   personal data processed beyond the framework of Section 79(1) of Act
   No. 258/2000 Coll. are the number of the travel document, citizenship,
   electronic mail address and telephone number; by filling out and
   sending an Public Health Passenger Locator Form, the regional Public
   Health Office with jurisdiction over the person’s domicile or the
   person’s reported place of residence is notified, via remote access, of
   the person’s entry into the territory of the Czech Republic;
   information related to the person's stay abroad (visited countries) and
   the means of arrival to the Czech Republic, as well as information on
   the place of residence in the Czech Republic; the length of data
   retention is 3 months from the submitting of the Public Health
   Passenger Locator Form; access to the database of Public Health
   Passenger Locator Forms is possible according to Section 79(1) of Act
   on the Protection of Public Health by employees of the Regional Public
   Health Offices, Section of Public Health Protection and Support of the
   Ministry of Health and The Institute of Health Information and
   Statistics of the Czech Republic, for the purpose of activities focused
   on preventing or minimizing the import of COVID-19 disease into the
   Czech Republic, or preventing or minimizing further spread, in
   particular, to detect cases for sequencing samples, contact tracing,
   sanctioning for breach of obligations, in particular under this
   protective measure and the collection and analysis of anonymised
   statistical data;

   3. that a test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus/a
   test means:
    1. for antigen testing, a written certificate of the negative result
       of a rapid antigen test (RAT), which is not older than 24 hours
       from the date of the antigen test and it is a test included in the
       common and updated list of RAT tests established by the Council
       Recommendation of 21 January 2021 on a common framework for the use
       and validation of rapid antigen tests and the mutual recognition of
       COVID-19 test results in the EU;
    2. for RT-PCR testing, a written certificate of the negative result of
       an RT-PCR test, which is not older than 72 hours from the date of
       the RT-PCR test, issued by a person authorised to carry out this
       test in the country where it was carried out;

   if it is a test carried out in a territory, which is subject to the
   Regulation of the European Union on the Digital COVID Certificate1 , or
   in the territory of a third country, for which an implementing act was
   adopted pursuant to the Regulation of the European Union on the EU
   Digital COVID Certificate1 , the result will only be proved by a
   certificate of the test issued in accordance with the Regulation of the
   European Union on the Digital Covid Certificate2 ;

   4. that a vaccinated person with a national certificate on vaccination
   that has been carried out means a person who presents a valid national
   certificate on vaccination against COVID-19 that has been carried out,
   issued under the Regulation of the European Union on the EU Digital
   COVID Certificate3 , provided that at least 14 days elapsed from
   completion of the vaccination scheme, and in the case of a person who
   has reached the age of 18 and at the same time a maximum of 270 days
   elapsed from completion of vaccination scheme or has been vaccinated
   with a booster dose, and who does not show any symptoms of COVID-19;

   5. that a vaccinated person with a national certificate on completed
   vaccination means a person who presents a valid national certificate on
   completed vaccination against COVID19 as referred to in clauses III.6
   or III.7, provided that at least 14 days elapsed from completion of the
   vaccination scheme, and in the case of a person who has reached the age
   of 18 and at the same time a maximum of 270 days elapsed from
   completion of vaccination scheme or has been vaccinated with a booster
   dose, and who does not show any symptoms of COVID-19; provided that the
   person was vaccinated using:
    1. a medicinal product containing a vaccine against COVID-19, which
       was granted registration under Regulation (EC) No 726/2004; or
    2. a medicinal product, the production of which is in accordance with
       the patent of the medicinal product referred to in item a),
       provided that this medicinal product was also approved by the World
       Health Organisation for emergency use; the list of products
       referred to in items a) and b) is published on the website of the
       Ministry of Health;

   6. that a national certificate of completed vaccination means a written
   confirmation issued at least in the English language by an authorised
   person operating in a third country, which is not the country issuing
   the certificate referred to in clause III.7 is in the list of
   recognised national certificates on the website of the Ministry of
   Health; the written confirmation must contain information on the
   vaccinated person, the type of vaccine administered, the date of
   administration of the vaccine, identification of the entity, which
   issued the confirmation, and
    1. it must be possible to verify this information directly from the
       written conformation via a remote access;
    2. it is a third country in which vaccination with a medicinal product
       is carried out in accordance with clause III.5, the vaccination
       rate is higher than in the Czech Republic, the country provides
       reliable and verifiable data on the pandemic and cooperates within
       international organizations combating the pandemics;

   7. that a national certificate of completed vaccination is also deemed
   to be a certificate on completed vaccination issued to a vaccinated
   person according to clause III.5 by an authorised person operating in a
   third country, for which the implementing Act was adopted according to
   the Regulation of the European Union on the EU Digital COVID
   Certificate4 and the template which is in the same time published in
   the list of national certificates on the website of the Ministry of
   Health;

   8. that a person who has had COVID-19 is deemed to be that person who
   presents a certificate that he/she has had COVID-19, issued according
   to the Regulation of the European Union on the Digital COVID
   Certificate5 or by an authorised entity operating in a third country,
   for which the implementing Act was adopted under the Regulation of the
   European Union on the EU Digital COVID Certificate6 , and at least 11
   days but no more than 180 days elapsed from the first positive result
   of an RT-PCR test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2
   virus; if the certificate has been issued by a third country, it must
   be in the same time published in the list of national certificates on
   the website of the Ministry of Health, which is identical to the list
   according to clause III.7;

   9. that a person who has had COVID-19 is also deemed to be a holder of
   a diplomatic note, issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs; such
   holders can be citizens of the Czech Republic and their co-travelling
   family members with an issued temporary residence permit for the
   territory of the Czech Republic, citizens of the European Union with an
   issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of the Czech
   Republic or foreign nationals with a permanent residence permit for the
   territory of the Czech Republic issued by the Czech Republic,
   certifying a documented completed isolation due to COVID-19 in the
   country of departure before their entry into the territory of the Czech
   Republic; a diplomatic note is not usually issued earlier than 14 days
   after the first positive result of an RT-PCR test for detection of the
   presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and it cannot be used for purposes of
   the applications referred to in clause I.15 and for purposes of an
   entry referred to in clause II.1;

   10. that necessary travel means restriction of free movement to the
   absolutely necessary minimum, with the exception of:
    1. travels absolutely necessary to procure the basic necessities of
       life and to ensure care of children; b) travels absolutely
       necessary to procure items to take care of animals, to use the
       necessary financial and postal services, to refuel;
    2. urgent or otherwise necessary travels to a provider of healthcare
       services;
    3. travels to social services facility;
    4. travels to take care of urgent official matters;
    5. funerals;

   11. that a citizen of a third country is a foreign national, except for
   a citizen of the European Union and a foreign national within the
   meaning of Section 1(3) of Act No. 326/1999 Coll., on the Residence of
   Foreign Nationals in the Territory of the Czech Republic and on changes
   to certain Acts, as amended;

   12. that for the purposes of this Protective Measure, Member States of
   the European Union are deemed to include, in addition to the Member
   States of the European, the Principality of Andorra, the Republic of
   Iceland, the Principality of Liechtenstein, the Principality of Monaco,
   the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of San Marino, the Swiss
   Confederation and the Vatican City State; all other countries are
   deemed to be third countries;

   13. that for the purposes of this Protective Measure, the term “written
   confirmation” means both a hardcopy format (an original or a simple
   copy) and an electronic format, as long as it contains the name,
   surname and date of birth or the number of the travel document of a
   specific addressee; a written confirmation in an electronic format
   cannot be presented in the form of an SMS message;

   14. that the holders of diplomatic notes on the impossibility to take a
   test for detection of the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus in the
   country of departure can be citizens of the Czech Republic and their
   co-travelling family members with an issued temporary residence permit
   for the territory of the Czech Republic, citizens of the European Union
   with an issued certificate of temporary residence in the territory of
   the Czech Republic, foreign nationals with a permanent residence permit
   for the territory of the Czech Republic issued by the Czech Republic
   and the workers servicing critical infrastructure, whose performance of
   their activities is in the interest of the Czech Republic;

   15. that a means of public transport is such a means of transport, in
   which persons who are not members of the same household are being
   transported at the given moment;

   16. that if an embassy of the Czech Republic is accredited for more
   countries then the current inclusion of the given country in the list
   of countries or territories with a low, medium, high and very high risk
   of incidence of COVID-19 is decisive for the acceptance and processing
   of visa applications and residence permit applications from each of the
   countries.

   17. that individual transport is a journey by such means of transport
   in which only persons who are members of the same household are
   transported at a given moment

   18. that the rate in the Czech Republic is published here:
   https://www.mzcr.cz/tiskove-centrum/datove-tiskove-zpravy-ke-covid-19/

   II.

   With effect as of 15 February 2022 at 00:00, the Protective Measure of
   the Ministry of Health dated 23 December 2021, ref. no.: MZDR
   20599/2020-139/MIN/KAN, have been repealed.

   III.

   This Protective Measure has become effective on the date on which it
   has been issued.

Vaccination campaign action plan

   The Government

   I. acknowledges the information from the Minister of Health on the
   Methodical Instruction for the Vaccination Campaign Action plan
   (hereinafter the “Methodical Instruction”) contained in part III of
   material Ref. No. 37/21;

   II. issues preliminary consent to the Ministry of Health’s intention to
   issue:

   1. an extraordinary measure which, effective from 14 January 2021,
   orders all healthcare service providers that have been supplied with a
   medicinal product containing a vaccination substance against COVID-19,
   procured using government budget funds based on Commission Decision
   C(2020) 4192, to perform the vaccination of persons participating in
   the public health insurance system in the Czech Republic or persons who
   are entitled to the provision of healthcare services in the Czech
   Republic, as though they were participants in the public health
   insurance system in the Czech Republic, in accordance with the
   Methodical Instruction and related activities, set forth in Annex No. 1
   to this resolution,

   2. an extraordinary measure which, effective from 12:00 a.m. of 14
   January 2021, orders all healthcare service providers that have
   established a distribution vaccination center, large-capacity
   vaccination center or vaccination center in compliance with the
   Methodical Instruction, upon any reception or dispensing of the vaccine
   against COVID-19, even to another healthcare service provider, to
   submit to the National Vaccination Dispatching on an ongoing basis via
   the defined electronic reporting system of the Covid Forms App web
   application and related activities, set forth in Annex No. 2 to this
   resolution;

   III. orders the Ministry of Health to evaluate the application practice
   of the Methodical Instruction after 14 days and to potentially amend
   the Methodical Instruction based on this evaluation and inform the
   government of this fact immediately.

Vaccination from 15 January 2022

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and on the amendment of certain related acts, as
   amended (hereinafter “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”) and Section 2(1) of Act
   No. 94/2021 Coll., on Extraordinary Measures during the COVID-19
   Disease Epidemic and on the amendment of certain related acts
   (hereinafter “Act No. 69 Coll.), orders this Extraordinary Measure,
   proceeding pursuant to Section 1(69)(b) and (2) of Act No. 258/2000
   Coll., and pursuant to Section 2(2)(b) through (e), (h), (i) and (m) of
   Act No. 94/2021 Coll., in order to protect the population against the
   further spread of the COVID-19 disease caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2
   coronavirus:

   1. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 30 August 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   32802/2021-1/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 10 September 2021, Ref. No.
   MZDR 32802/2021-3/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/2(b), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   2. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 27 October 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   15757/2020-61/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 10 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020-
   62/MIN/KAN, and as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the Ministry
   of Health of 13 December 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020-63/MIN/KAN, is
   amended in that
    1. in point I/2(e) the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination schedule based on the summary of
       product characteristics” are replaced with “at least 14 days have
       passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and in the
       case of employees at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days
       have passed or they have received a booster dose”,
    2. in point I/2(f) the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination schedule based on the summary of
       product characteristics” are replaced with “at least 14 days have
       passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and in the
       case of persons at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days
       have passed or they have received a booster dose”.

   3. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 18 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   47828/2020-31/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2022, Ref. No.
   MZDR 1519/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that that in point II(d), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14  days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   4. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 18 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14597/2021-5/MIN/KAN, is amended in that that in point I/1(c) and in
   point I/3(c), the words “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14
   days have passed since the completion of the vaccination schedule and,
   in the case of a person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270
   days have passed or they have received a booster dose;”.

   5. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 22 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   423/2021-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point 2(a), the words “at
   least 14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a person at
   least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they have
   received a booster dose;”.

   6. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 29 December 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14601/2021-34/MIN/KAN, as amended by the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2022, Ref. No.
   MZDR 1518/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/15(b), the
   words “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
   vaccination schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed
   since the completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a
   person at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or
   they have received a booster dose;”.

   7. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 14 January 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   1520/2022-1/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point I/2(c), the words “at
   least 18 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 270 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a employees
   at least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they
   have received a booster dose;”.

   8. Effective from 15 February 2022, the Extraordinary Measure of the
   Ministry of Health of 26 January 2022, Ref. No. MZDR
   1515/2022-2/MIN/KAN, is amended in that in point XIV/1(a), the words
   “at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
   schedule;” are replaced by “at least 14 days have passed since the
   completion of the vaccination schedule and, in the case of a student at
   least 18 years of age, not more than 270 days have passed or they have
   received a booster dose;”.

Reporting of test results into the ISIN

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and amendments to certain related acts, as amended
   (hereinafter referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”), orders this
   Extraordinary Measure, proceeding pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2)
   of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., in order to protect the population and
   prevent the occurrence and spread of the COVID-19 disease caused by the
   new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus:

   I.

   Effective from 9 March 2021, all healthcare service providers who
   perform examinations to determine the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus
   antigen using POC antigen tests are ordered to report, electronically
   and without undue delay, information about every result of the POC
   antigen tests to determine the presence of SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen
   into the Information System of Infectious Diseases (ISIN). A mandatory
   part of the reported information about the result of the POC antigen
   test is information about whether the patient is symptomatic or
   asymptomatic.

   II.

   Effective from 9 March 2021, the Extraordinary Measure of 21 December
   2020, Ref. No. MZDR 60890/2020-1/MIN/KAN, is repealed.

   III.

   This Extraordinary Measure takes effect on the date it is issued.

Visits at  healthcare and social service institutions

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority,
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and on the amendment of certain related acts, as
   amended, and Section 2(1) of Act No. 94/2021 Coll., on Extraordinary
   Measures during the COVID-19 Disease Epidemic and on the amendment of
   certain related acts, orders this Extraordinary Measure, proceeding
   pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., and
   pursuant to Section 2(2)(b) of Act No. 94/2021 Coll., in order to
   protect the population against the further spread of the COVID-19
   disease caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus:

   I.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 22 November 2021 until the cancellation of
   this Extraordinary Measure:

   1. visits to patients at healthcare facilities are restricted among all
   healthcare service providers, in that visits may only be permitted
   under the condition that the person visiting the patient does not show
   clinical symptoms of COVID-19, and (with the exception of children
   under 12 years of age) demonstrates to the healthcare service provider
   that they meet the following conditions:
    1. the person has taken an RT-PCR test for the presence of the
       SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen with a negative result no more than 72
       hours ago, or
    2. the person has taken a rapid antigen test (RAT) for the presence of
       the SARS-CoV-2 antigen with a negative result no more than 24 hours
       ago, carried out by a healthcare professional, or the person has
       been vaccinated against COVID-19 and submits a national certificate
       of completed vaccination or a certificate of completed vaccination
       issued pursuant to the European Union regulation on the EU COVID
       digital certificate EU COVID1 , under the condition that at least
       14 days have passed since the completion of the vaccination
       program;a national certificate of performed vaccination refers to a
       written confirmation issued at least in the English language by an
       authorized entity operating in a third country, a specimen of which
       is published in the list of recognized national certificates on the
       website of the Ministry of Health; the written confirmation must
       contain data about the vaccinated person, administered type of
       vaccine, date of administration of the vaccine and identification
       of the entity that issued the confirmation of that vaccination,
       whereas these data must be verifiable via remote access directly
       from the written confirmation, assuming vaccination was performed
       using


    1. a medicinal product containing a COVID-19 vaccine granted market
       authorization under Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004, or
    2. a medicinal product manufactured in accordance with a patent for
       the medicinal product pursuant to point i), if this medicinal
       product has been approved by the World Health Organization for
       emergency use; or


    3. the person has undergone a laboratory-confirmed case of COVID-19,
       where the period of ordered isolation has ended, and no more than
       180 days have passed since the first positive RT-PCR test for the
       presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus or rapid antigen test (RAT) for
       the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 antigen,

   unless the healthcare service provider stipulates otherwise in
   justified cases by means of an organizational measure; the person
   visiting a patient who fulfils one of the listed conditions may conduct
   the visit while observing the provider’s other systemic measures,

   2. prohibits all healthcare service providers from allowing the
   presence of a third party during childbirth at a healthcare facility,
   if the following conditions are not met:
     * childbirth takes place in a separate birthing room or box with its
       own social amenities,
     * contact between the third party and other birthing mothers is
       restricted,
     * a third person is subject to the same rules as person visiting a
       patient pursuant to point 1,

   3. visits to users among all social service providers, at homes for
   seniors and homes with special regimes, and all social service
   residential facilities (pursuant to Section 44, 49 and 50 of Act No.
   108/2006 Coll., on Social Services), are restricted in that visits may
   only be permitted under the condition that the person visiting the user
   does not show clinical symptoms of COVID-19 and (with the exception of
   children under 12 years of age) demonstrates to the social service
   provider that they meet the following conditions:
    1. the person has taken an RT-PCR test for the presence of the
       SARS-CoV-2 virus antigen with a negative result no more than 72
       hours ago, or
    2. the person has taken a rapid antigen test (RAT) for the presence of
       the SARS-CoV-2 antigen with a negative result no more than 24 hours
       ago, carried out by a healthcare professional, or
    3. the person has been vaccinated against COVID-19 and submits a
       national certificate of completed vaccination or a certificate of
       completed vaccination issued pursuant to the European Union
       regulation on the EU COVID digital certificate1 , under the
       condition that at least 14 days have passed since the completion of
       the vaccination program; a national certificate of completed
       vaccination refers to a written confirmation issued at least in the
       English language by the authorized entity operating in a third
       country, a specimen of which is published in the list of recognized
       national certificates on the website of the Ministry of Health; the
       written confirmation must contain data about the vaccinated person,
       administered type of vaccine, date of administration of the
       vaccine, identification of the entity that issued the confirmation
       of that vaccination, whereas these data must be verifiable via
       remote access directly from the written confirmation, assuming the
       vaccination was performed using


    1. a medicinal product containing a COVID-19 vaccine granted market
       authorization under Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004, or
    2. a medicinal product manufactured in accordance with a patent for
       the medicinal product pursuant to point i), if this medicinal
       product has been approved by the World Health Organization for
       emergency use; or


    4. the person has undergone a laboratory-confirmed case of COVID-19,
       where the period of ordered isolation has ended, and no more than
       180 days have passed since the first positive RT-PCR test for the
       presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus or rapid antigen test (RAT) for
       the presence of the SARS-CoV-2 antigen, unless the social services
       provider stipulates otherwise in justified cases by means of an
       organizational measure; the person visiting a user who fulfils one
       of the listed conditions may conduct the visit while observing the
       provider’s other systemic measures.

   II.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 22 November 2021, the Extraordinary
   Measure of the Ministry of Health of 5 November 2021, Ref. No. MZDR
   14597/2021-4/MIN/KAN, is repealed.

The obligation to wear face masks

   The Ministry of Health, as the competent administrative authority
   pursuant to Section 80(1)(g) of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., on Public
   Health Protection and amendments to Certain Related Acts, as amended
   (hereinafter referred to as “Act No. 258/2000 Coll.”), orders this
   Extraordinary Measure, proceeding pursuant to Section 69(1)(i) and (2)
   of Act No. 258/2000 Coll., to protect the population and prevent the
   occurrence and spread of COVID-19 caused by the novel SARS-CoV-2
   coronavirus:

   I.

   1. Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all persons are prohibited from
   moving around and being present without the protection of their airways
   (nose, mouth), which is a respirator or similar device (always without
   an exhalation valve) meeting at least all the technical conditions and
   requirements (for the product), including a filtration effectiveness of
   at least 94% in accordance with the relevant standards, which prevents
   the spread of droplets, specifically:
    1. in the internal spaces of buildings that serve as a:


    1. retail outlet;
    2. service provision outlet;
    3. healthcare facility;
    4. social service buildings, such as weekly care centers, homes for
       persons with medical handicaps, homes for senior citizens and homes
       with a special regime, and facilities providing facilitating social
       services in residential form;
    5. international airports;
    6. universities, schools or school facilities, with the exception of
       primary school pupils during education at primary school, school
       groups or school clubs, pupils on the lower levels of six-year and
       eight-year high school during education at high school, pupils of
       the first four years of an eight-year conservatory curriculum
       during education at a conservatory, if they use a medical face mask
       or similar device meeting at least all the technical conditions and
       requirements (for the product) of the CSN EN 14683+AC standard that
       prevent the spreading of droplets,
    7. museums, galleries, exhibition grounds, publicly accessible
       historical or cultural monuments (castles, chateaux or similar
       historical monuments, etc.), observatories and planetariums or
       places where trade fairs or retail economic exhibitions are held,
    8. gambling halls, casinos, music, dance, gaming and similar social
       clubs or discotheques,


    2. in all other indoor premises of buildings not specified in point
       2(a), except for the place of residence or accommodation (e.g.
       hotel room), where there are at least 2 persons present in the same
       place at the same time at a distance of less than 1.5 meters,
       unless these are exclusively members of one household.
    3. in means of public transit, including vehicular transit for third
       party use, the subject of which is passenger transport (in
       particular taxi service),
    4. as concerns attendees at concerts and other musical, theatre, film
       or other artistic performances, circuses and variety shows and
       sports matches,
    5. during participation at congresses, educational events and
       examinations in person,
    6. during participation at public or private events, including
       assemblies pursuant to Act No. 84/1990 Coll., on the Right of
       Assembly, as amended, during which multiple persons gather in one
       place, unless these are members of one household; this applies
       to outdoor premises in cases when the event is attended by 30 or
       more people, where they do not maintain a distance of 1.5
       meters, with the exception of children under 15 years of age, who
       may also wear different types of protective equipment at these
       places, such as a medical face mask or similar device meeting at
       least all the technical conditions and requirements (for the
       product) under CSN EN 14683+AC, which prevents the spread of
       droplets, unless they are subject to the exception under point 2.

   In exceptional cases, when it is necessary for the child, pupil or
   student to see the teacher’s mouth during teaching, it is possible for
   the teacher to use a protective shield as protective respiratory
   equipment, under the condition that they maintain a distance of
   at least 1.5 meters from the children, pupils or students. Pupils or
   students performing practice, practical schooling or practical training
   at the workplaces of legal entities and natural persons shall observe
   the rules applied to employees at this workplace.

   2. The prohibition pursuant to paragraph 1 does not apply to:
    1. children that have not yet commenced mandatory school attendance;
       this does not apply to children in preparatory classes of primary
       school and children in the preparatory level of special primary
       school,
    2. children, pupils and students as a part of educational activities
       for which the wearing of protective equipment is impossible (in
       particular physical education, singing and playing wind
       instruments),
    3. teaching staff members or academic workers as a part of educational
       activities whose character does not enable the wearing of a
       protective device (in particular physical education, singing and
       playing wind instruments), if they maintain a distance of at
       least 1.5 metres from others,
    4. children in preparatory classes of primary school, children in the
       preparatory level of special primary school, pupils and students
       during schooling who are seated at a desk or otherwise seated,
    5. teaching staff members or academic workers that were vaccinated
       against COVID-19 and at least 14 days have passed since the
       completion of the vaccination programme in accordance with the
       summary of product characteristics, during the provision
       of education,
    6. carers in a children’s group that were vaccinated against COVID-19
       and at least 14 days have passed since the completion of the
       vaccination programme in accordance with the summary of product
       characteristics, during the provision of care in accordance with
       Act No. 47/2014 Coll., on the Provision of Child Care Services in a
       Children’s Group and Amending Related Acts, as amended,
    7. examined persons and examiners at school or university, if all the
       persons maintain a distance of at least 1.5 meters,
    8. accommodated children, pupils or students while staying in their
       room (i.e., outside of the common areas) at a boarding school or
       children’s home or during school field trips;
    9. children and employees in educational facilities for the
       performance of institutional education or protective education and
       schools established as a part of them and centers of educational
       care when providing services in the form of boarding;
   10. schools established by the Ministry of Justice;
   11. children and employees at facilities for children requiring
       immediate assistance,
   12. persons with intellectual disorders, disorders on the autistic
       spectrum and cognitive disorders or severe alterations of their
       mental state, whose mental capacity or current mental state does
       not allow them to observe this prohibition;
   13. patients, if they are hospitalised in inpatient healthcare
       facilities or if this is necessary for the provision of healthcare
       services;
   14. healthcare workers for the necessary period of time, if required
       for the provision of healthcare services;
   15. social service users in social service buildings, such as weekly
       care centers, homes for persons with a medical handicap, homes for
       senior citizens and homes with a special regime, and in facilities
       providing facilitating social services in residential form;
   16. other cases worthy of consideration that are stipulated by a
       healthcare or social service provider or attending doctor for
       movement and staying in healthcare facilities and social service
       facilities;
   17. persons while performing work at the workplace or while performing
       similar activities, for the period when they perform this activity
       in one place without the presence of other persons,
   18. persons while performing work at the workplace or while performing
       similar activities in accordance with adopted and implemented
       hygiene, technical, organisational and other measures to prevent
       risks stipulated by the employer in accordance with Section 102
       of Act No. 262/2006 Coll., the Labour Code, as amended, provided
       they are equipped, at least, with other protective devices, which
       are a medical face mask or similar device fulfilling at least all
       the technical conditions and requirements (for the product) of
       the CSN EN 14683+AC standard, that prevent the spread of droplets,
   19. persons driving public transport vehicles who are not in direct
       contact with passengers during their boarding and alighting;
   20. judges, lay assessors, public prosecutors, accused persons and
       their defense counsel, parties to civil, administrative and
       constitutional court proceedings and their representatives,
       witnesses, experts, interpreters and other persons on which a
       court decides, in the place and at the time of the court
       proceedings;
   21. persons performing copyrighted works (e.g. theatre, dance or
       musical performances), lecturers and persons participating in the
       creation and production of audio-visual works or programs;
   22. hosts, reporters and other persons appearing on radio, television
       and other programs;
   23. persons performing work classified by a decision of the competent
       public health protection authority in category three or four due to
       the risk factor affecting working conditions of heat stress, and
       also persons performing work which has not yet been categorised and
       for which it can be anticipated that, after categorization has
       been performed, it will be classified in category three or four due
       to the presence of a risk factor affecting working conditions of
       heat stress;
   24. customers of catering establishments while consuming food and
       meals, including drinks, subject to the condition that the customer
       is sitting at a table;
   25. persons outside catering establishments for the necessary period
       for the consumption of food and meals, including drinks;
   26. a couple being married over the course of the wedding ceremony and
       other persons attending the ceremony, and persons declaring that
       they are entering into registered partnership together and other
       persons attending this declaration;
   27. persons for the essential time needed to take their portrait
       photograph, or photographs of newlyweds, including a group
       photograph with household members and other direct relatives, and
       other close persons and persons for the period of time required to
       take photographs during photography sessions organised by the
       school or school facility,
   28. athletes or persons exercising during training, exercises, matches,
       competitions, etc., including running and cycling, and trainers,
       other team members within the framework of collective sports, and
       referees during participation in sporting activities or
       training conducted within competitions organised by sports unions
       or umbrella sports organizations,
   29. persons on the premises of artificial swimming areas, swimming
       pools, bathing pools, pools for infants and toddlers and paddling
       pools, spa and therapeutic pools, saunas, wellness facilities and
       salt caves,
   30. persons for the period of time necessary to provide services which
       are provided to the  person in the area of their head and neck and
       where use of protective equipment would prevent the provision of
       this service, such as barber shops, hairdressing salons, solariums,
       cosmetic, massage and similar regenerative or reconditioning
       services or other similar services during which skin integrity is
       breached,
   31. persons during the organised activity of choirs, and only at the
       place of actual performance of the activity (singing) and during
       this activity,
   32. persons participating in rehabilitation events or other similar
       events, both residential and non-residential, events or persons
       under 18 years of age when staying in and moving about the indoor
       and outdoor venue of the event (e.g., campground) and in
       the countryside, if no other mass event is held concurrently in the
       same place,
   33. members and employees of the basic components of the Integrated
       Rescue System, if they use a mask or half mask meeting all of the
       technical conditions and requirements (for the product) of the CSN
       EN 140 +A1 standard,
   34. persons who are unable for serious medical reasons to wear a
       respirator or medical face mask or similar device fulfilling at
       least all the technical conditions and requirements (for the
       product) of the CSN EN 14683+AC standard, that prevent the spread
       of droplets, and who are able to prove this fact by a medical
       certificate; however, such persons shall be required to wear other
       respiratory protective equipment pursuant to this measure, which is
       specified in the medical certificate, except where the
       medical certificate specifically states that the person concerned
       cannot wear any respiratory protective equipment.

   3. Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all employers are ordered to equip
   employees with respirators, in a sufficient number for each work shift;
   this does not apply if the employee does not come into contact with
   other persons during the period of work performance and in connection
   with work performance (e.g., remote work performance outside of the
   employer’s premises).

   4. Effective from 12:00 a.m. on 1 November 2021 until this
   Extraordinary Measure is rescinded, all healthcare service providers
   are directed to only issue a certificate under paragraph 2(hh) to
   persons who are prevented from using respiratory protective
   equipment pursuant to this measure for serious medical reasons, and are
   further directed to make a record of that fact and the reasons for it,
   including the diagnosis, in the person's medical records, including
   that the natural person has been advised of the risks associated with
   not using respiratory protective equipment pursuant to this measure.

   II.

   Effective from 12:00 a.m. of 1 November 2021, this Extraordinary
   Measure repeals the Extraordinary Measure of the Ministry of Health of
   22 October 2021, Ref. No. MZDR 15757/2020- 60/MIN/KAN.

   print article   email   facebook   twitter

Hotline 1221

   COVID-19 information hotline (dial 1221) is also available in English
   from anywhere in the Czech Republic on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   and on weekends from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

Useful information

   Current information on COVID-19 on the website of the Ministry of
   Health – information for citizens and healthcare workers, current data.

   The European coronavirus response team

Related items

   9. 2. 2022
          Measures adopted by the Czech Government against the coronavirus

   25. 11. 2021
          The Government Decides to Proclaim a State of Emergency for 30
          days, Limit Mass Events, Restaurants Operation or Alcohol
          Consumption in Public

   20. 10. 2021
          The Government Discussed Changes in Anti-epidemic Measures

   23. 8. 2021
          Preventive tests for Covid-19 will remain free for all insured,
          government decides

   1. 7. 2021
          Government agrees to tighten anti-epidemic measures due to the
          spread of the more contagious Delta mutation of the coronavirus

   28. 6. 2021
          Government approves aid to people and municipalities in South
          Moravia affected by a natural disaster

   14. 6. 2021
          Non-state cultural heritage sites will also receive financial
          support during the epidemic, pupils in other regions will put
          away their masks and respi

   7. 6. 2021
          Government worked on the 2022 state budget, approved the next
          steps in the dispute with Poland over mining in the Turów mine

   31. 5. 2021
          The government will propose extraordinary increase in pensions
          by CZK 300, and has extended the Antivirus A programme by a
          month

   28. 5. 2021
          All remaining services to open under set conditions from Monday,
          the government agrees

   24. 5. 2021
          Government discusses Coal Commission outcomes and emergency
          measure amendments while deciding to help at-risk women tackle
          menstrual poverty

   21. 5. 2021
          Government to set rules for COVID passports, agreed with
          extending the protection period after recovering from COVID-19
          from 90 to 180 days

   17. 5. 2021
          Government approved proposal of National Recovery Plan for
          nearly 200 billion, agreed with further easement of epidemic
          control measures

   10. 5. 2021
          From tomorrow, self-payers may stay at spas, on Monday,
          restaurants open outdoor seating and cultural life resumes,
          government approved

   6. 5. 2021
          Restrictions to ease in remaining regions from Monday as
          government extends compensation bonus and covid programmes

   3. 5. 2021
          The Government Discussed a Proposal for the Next Phase of
          Loosening Anti-Epidemic Measures from 10 May

   29. 4. 2021
          From Monday, Children in Three Other Regions and in Prague will
          Return to Schools and Kindergartens, the Government Agreed

   26. 4. 2021
          Hairdressers and other body care services will open on 3 May,
          more pupils will return to schools in three regions

   22. 4. 2021
          The Government Has Discussed a Plan for Further Restriction
          Lifting, Which Will Depend on the Number of Newly Infected Cases
          in the Population

   19. 4. 2021
          The government extended the Antivirus programme, and approved
          the National Strategy for Countering Hybrid Action

   12. 4. 2021
          Government extended the guarantee scheme for firms; the State
          will subsidise children's groups and labs sequencing coronavirus
          strains

   6. 4. 2021
          The state of emergency to end on Monday, some restrictions will
          be lifted, first children back in schools and nurseries

   22. 3. 2021
          Government to ask the Chamber of Deputies to extend the state of
          emergency, mandatory testing for the self-employed and
          non-profit organisations

   18. 3. 2021
          The government has extended the measures up to 28 March and
          expanded the mandatory testing to public employers with less
          than 50 employees

   15. 3. 2021
          Mandatory employee testing even for small companies, the
          government decides

   8. 3. 2021
          The government approves bonuses for healthcare and social
          services workers, new programmes to help entrepreneurs

   5. 3. 2021
          The Government has imposed the work obligation on pupils and
          students of medical schools, testing will be mandatory for
          employees in the public sector

   3. 3. 2021
          The government calls outpatient physicians to arms in the battle
          against covid-19, obliging them to perform certain duties

   2. 3. 2021
          Employees will be allowed to eat in company canteens provided
          they keep a safe distance from each other

   1. 3. 2021
          The government will ask the Parliament to increase the
          compensation for persons in quarantine, employees to face
          mandatory testing

   26. 2. 2021
          The government declares state of emergency until 28 March, free
          movement and retail rules to be tightened from Monday, schools
          to close again

   25. 2. 2021
          The government will ask the Chamber of Deputies to extend the
          state of emergency until the end of March

   23. 2. 2021
          The Government has extended the Antivirus program until the end
          of April, people will have to wear a respirator or surgical
          masks in selected places f

   15. 2. 2021
          Government approves draft changes to crisis legislation and
          pilot project for testing in schools

   14. 2. 2021
          At the request of regional governors, government declares 14-day
          state of emergency

   11. 2. 2021
          The government has decided to restrict movement in the three
          worst affected districts

   8. 2. 2021
          The government asks the Chamber of Deputies for another 30 days
          of the state of emergency, and wants to simplify the support for
          enterpreneurs

   1. 2. 2021
          Government has agreed to temporarily waive VAT on respirators
          and to extend support for food producers

   28. 1. 2021
          The government has made adjustments to the measures, and further
          restrictions on the use of hotel services or contacts will be
          ordered from Saturday

   25. 1. 2021
          Government Approves State Guaranteed Loans for Hotel Proprietors

   22. 1. 2021
          Government extends duration of state of emergency until 14
          February, will allow children's groups to run

   18. 1. 2021
          Government to request that Chamber of Deputies extend state of
          emergency until 21 February, approves further assistance
          programmes for businesses

   13. 1. 2021
          Government acquaints itself with vaccination strategy for the
          Czech Republic, vaccination sites must start reporting on
          vaccine consumption

   11. 1. 2021
          Government approves aid to operators of ski resorts, students do
          not need to tax remuneration for work during work duties

   7. 1. 2021
          Government extends force of emergency measures to 22 January;
          antigen tests also to continue to be provided free of charge

   4. 1. 2021
          Government approves further aid for closed premises, wants to
          extend easier administration of social benefits during pandemic

   23. 12. 2020
          Government extends state of emergency for a further 30 days,
          with more stringent measures to take effect on 27 December

   21. 12. 2020
          Government discusses current pandemic situation and vaccination
          preparations

   17. 12. 2020
          Government to ask Chamber of Deputies to extend state of
          emergency to 22 January

   14. 12. 2020
          The government has decided that stricter 4th tier pandemic
          measures will start to apply on Friday; affected businesses will
          be helped by compensations

Media Centre

     * Press Advisories
     * Scheduled Events
     * Press Releases
     * Press Conferences
     * Introducing
     * Government Meetings
     * Important Documents
     * Important Information
     * Contacts

Important information

   Measures adopted by the Czech Government against coronavirus

   www.euroskop.cz

   Oslavme společné století

   Visegrad Group

   National Convention

Straka's Academy

   Straka's Academy

Press Department

   Press Department

Introducing

   Nová zmocněnkyně pro lidská práva Klára Šimáčková Laurenčíková.

Archive Documents

   Archive of Documents

Photo Gallery

   TZ-Albánie

     * Government of the Czech Republic (c) 2009 - 2022
     * RSS
     * Site map
     * Contact
     * Advanced search
     * Personal data protection
     *
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-19">
<text>
   [tr?id=297357858443011&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

    1. Home
    2. Foreigners in Lithuania

Foreigners in Lithuania

   The number of foreigners in Lithuania is constantly rising: Based on
   the data provided by the Department of Migration, on 1 July 2022, there
   were 145, 118 foreigners living in Lithuania with residence permits (EU
   and Third country nationals). Most of the foreigners came to Lithuania
   to work, for reasons of family reunification or to study.  More
   information can be found here.

Arrival

   What are the types of visas? Who needs a visa to come to Lithuania?

Documents based on arrival intentions

   Which document can a foreigner get if s/he comes to reunite with a
   family member? To work? To study? Is of Lithuanian descent?

Residence permits for Third country nationals

   What is the difference between a temporary residence permit and a
   permanent residence permit?

Residence permits for EU citizens

   Which document can an EU citizen get if s/he arrives to reunite with
   his family member? Is an employee or self-employed? Came to study? Has
   enough funds?

Work in Lithuania

   How to find a job in Lithuania? How to obtain a work permit obligatory?
   How long does the whole procedure take? Which document will s/he get?

Getting married in Lithuania

   Which documents do I need to submit if I want to get married in
   Lithuania? Can I apply online?

International House Vilnius

   International House Vilnius is a joint initiative of Go Vilnius, the
   city’s official tourism and business development agency, and Work in
   Lithuania, a tale...

Driving in Lithuania

   Who can drive in Lithuania? How to get a drivers license? How to
   registrate a vehicle and what kind of documents are required?

Foreigners integration

   Where can I learn Lithuanian? Are there any Lithuanian lessons online?

Foreign societies in Lithuania

   Which foreigners societies are active in Lithuania? Who is responsible
   for foreigners integration? Which services can a foreigner get?
   Information updated: 2022-12-20
   (BUTTON) ×

   Contact us
   8 800 22922,  +370 525 14352

   Hotline for Ukrainians (24/7):
     *
          + 1808

   MENU

   Toll-free numbers:
     * 8 800 22922Calling within
       Lithuania

   Calling from outside Lithuania (regular rate):
     * +370 525 14352 When calling from abroad
       (standard rate)

     *
     *

   MENU
     * Home
     * News
     * About Us
     * First steps in Lithuania
          + How should you plan your return?
          + Which documents to bring?
          + Where should you start when you return?
          + Aggregation of employment periods
               o I have worked in another EU country
               o I have worked in a non-EU country
          + FAQs
     * General information about Lithuania
          + Facts and figures
               o Main cities, regions
               o Neighbor countries
               o Area and population
               o Language
               o Religion
               o Climate
               o Country code, time zone, currency
               o Embassies
          + Emigration-immigration statistics
          + Taxes
          + Banks
          + Communications
          + Driving
     * Work and business
          + Finding a job
               o Individual job search
               o Registering at the Employment Service
          + Self-employment
          + Starting a business
               o Vision
               o Types of companies
               o Business starting procedures
          + Work visa for foreigners
          + Taxes
          + Aggregation of employment periods
          + Programs for returning Lithuanians
     * Housing
          + Registering as a resident
          + Accommodation for rent
          + Buying a home
          + Mortgage loan
     * Healthcare
          + Compulsory health insurance
          + Clinics and hospitals
          + Basic health care
          + European health insurance card
          + Can I get treatment in Lithuania if I am insured abroad?
          + Medical services in English language
          + Healthcare for foreign pensioners
     * Social security
          + Arrival Allowance
          + Old-age pensions
          + Unemployment benefits
          + Child benefits
               o Maternity benefit
               o Paternity benefit
               o Child care benefit
               o Child benefit
               o Lump-sum child benefit (payable for each new born child)
               o Lump-sum benefit for pregnant women
               o Child care benefit for those in training or education
               o Benefit for multiple births
          + Financial assistance
          + Sick pay
          + EU forms for social security rights
     * Education
          + Studying in Lithuania (higher education)
               o For EU/EEA nationals
               o For Non-EU/EEA nationals
          + Kindergartens (pre-school education)
          + Preschool education
          + Primary and secondary schools
          + E-learning
          + Educational support for returning children
          + Lithuanian language classes
          + Recognition of foreign qualifications
     * Citizenship
          + How to become a Lithuanian citizen?
               o Acquiring citizenship by birth
               o Naturalization
               o Simplified procedure
               o Restoration of citizenship
               o Returning the citizenship
          + Dual citizenship
          + Loss of citizenship
          + The citizenship of a child born abroad
     * Living outside Lithuania
          + Declaring departure from Lithuania
          + Document legalization
          + Travel documents for minors
          + Registering a child born abroad
          + Registering a marriage performed abroad
          + Elections in Lithuania
          + Communities of Lithuanians abroad
     * Foreigners in Lithuania
          + Arrival
               o Schengen visa
               o National visa (D)
          + Documents based on arrival intentions
               o I am coming to stay with my spouse or partner
               o I am coming to work
               o I am coming to study
               o I am a foreigner of Lithuanian descent
               o Other grounds
          + Residence permits for Third country nationals
               o Temporary residence permit
               o Permanent residence permit
          + Residence permits for EU citizens
               o I am a family member of a citizen of an EU member state
               o I am an employee or self-employed
               o I am a student / intern
               o I possess adequate means to live in the Republic of
                 Lithuania
               o I have been lawfully residing in the Republic of
                 Lithuania for the last 5 years
               o I am an EU citizen of Lithuanian descent
          + Work in Lithuania
          + Getting married in Lithuania
          + International House Vilnius
          + Driving in Lithuania
               o Driving exams
               o Driver's license
               o Car registration
          + Foreigners integration
          + Foreign societies in Lithuania
     * Information on Ukraine
     * FAQ
     * Success stories
     * Contacts

   Toll-free numbers:
     * 8 800 22922Calling within
       Lithuania

   Calling from outside Lithuania (regular rate):
     * +370 525 14352 When calling from abroad
       (standard rate)

     * LT
     * EN
     * RU

   FAQ
     *
     *

   ____________________
   (BUTTON)

   [iom_1.png]

   Migration information centre

   [renkuosi_lietuva_logo_zalias.png]

   [vrm_1.png]

   Information partner:  [LRT pilkas.png]

   International Organization for Migration (IOM) – UN Migration Agency.
   The leading inter-governmental organization in the field of migration.
   Established in 1951, it now has 172 member states.

   This website is presented with support from IOM and the Ministry of
   Interior of the Republic of Lithuania. It is not an official IOM
   website and IOM is not responsible for the content or positions posted
   within.
     * General information
     * Work and business
     * Housing
     * Healthcare
     * Social security

     * Education
     * Citizenship
     * Living outside Lithuania
     * Foreigners in Lithuania

     * About us
     * Contacts

     *
     *

   © 2018.
   Created by
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-2">
<text>
   #RSS

   [monkey-pox-7217582__480.jpeg]

   (BUTTON) China
     * Shanghai
     * Beijing
     * Shenzhen
     * Guangzhou
     * Tianjin
     * Suzhou
     * Sanya
     * GBA
     * China

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Log in |
     * Sign up

    1. home
    2. Articles

China Modifies 'Don’t Touch Foreigner' Advice After Backlash

   [dowload.png] By Lars James Hamer, September 20, 2022

   0 0
   [dowload.png]
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Wu Zunyou, the Chief Expert of Epidemiology at China’s Center for
   Disease Control and Prevention, has modified the five suggestions he
   put forward for preventing the spread of monkeypox.

   Originally, the first of five suggestions said that people should not
   “have direct skin-to-skin contact with foreigners” (不要同外国人发生肌肤直接接触).

   READ MORE: CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

   This has now been adapted to “Do not have close skin-to-skin contact
   with foreigners who have recently (within the last three weeks) come
   from a monkeypox epidemic area outside China and may be infected with
   the disease.”

   So, if you plan on having skin-to-skin contact with a foreigner, make
   sure you first ask them how long they’ve been in China and where they
   come from and extensively research the monkeypox situation in that
   country.

   It might make riding the metro at peak times more difficult, but at
   least it will ensure you’re not infected by China’s (already in
   quarantine) sole monkeypox case.

   Wu’s suggestions also said people shouldn’t have direct contact with
   individuals who have entered China within three weeks.

   This point has been updated to: “Do not have close skin-to-skin contact
   with people who have recently (within three weeks) traveled from or
   transited through an overseas monkeypox epidemic area and are likely to
   be infected with the disease.”

   The third suggestion given to the world’s most populous country, “Don't
   have direct skin-to-skin contact with strangers,” was changed to “Don't
   have intimate direct skin-to-skin contact with strangers.”

   Suggestions four and five, “Keep good hand hygiene” and “When using
   public toilets, including the toilets of hotels on business trips, if
   you use a seated toilet, use disposable toilet seat covers as much as
   possible and if conditions do not allow, use alcohol wipes or paper
   towels dipped in hot water to wipe the seat before using,” remained
   unchanged.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [Cover image via Pixabay]

   monkeypox
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

more news

   3 New COVID Cases, Chinese Warned Not to Touch Foreigners

3 New COVID Cases, Chinese Warned Not to Touch Foreigners

   "Do not have direct skin contact with foreigners."
   CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

CDC Warns Chinese People Not to Touch Foreigners

   We'd like to hear the science behind this one...
   1 New COVID Case in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Chongqing

1 New COVID Case in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Chongqing

   Monkeypox is getting closer...

Monkeypox on the Mainland, Case Reported in Chongqing

   Monkeypox is getting closer...

13 New COVID Cases in Shanghai, Monkeypox in Hong Kong

   The numbers come as Shanghai emerges from China's biggest citywide
   lockdown since the beginning of the COVID pandemic.

Monkeypox in Hong Kong: 21-Day Quarantine for Close Contacts?

   The Special Administrative Region's first case was reported on
   September 6.

Monkeypox is Getting Closer...

   A case of monkeypox was detected in Taipei.

That's 2022 Year in Review

   A look back at some of the biggest China-related stories from the year
   2022!

0 User Comments

   Add your Comment
   (BUTTON) ×

Add your comment

   * Comment Content
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   (BUTTON) Submit (BUTTON) Cancel

follow us

     *
     *

Get the weekly newsletter!

   Sign up to get the entertainment, lifestyle and event news from That's
   China every week!
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Add

trending

That's 2022 Year in Review

35 New Year's Eve Events (&amp; More!) This Week in Shanghai

Expert: ‘China International Flights Back to Normal in 3 Months’

Quarantine for International Arrivals to China to End January 8

Hong Kong Set to Open Border with Chinese Mainland

   ADVERTISEMENT

In Case You Missed It…

   That's 2022 Year in Review

   That's 2022 Year in Review
   Weird and Wonderful Beijing News from Each Month in 2022

   Weird and Wonderful Beijing News from Each Month in 2022
   GBA School News Roundup: December 2022

   GBA School News Roundup: December 2022
   The Bund of Love Collection Offers Qipao for the Modern Woman

   The Bund of Love Collection Offers Qipao for the Modern Woman
   5 More Amazing Trips to Take Around China This Winter

   5 More Amazing Trips to Take Around China This Winter

We're on WeChat!

   Scan our QR Code at right or follow us at thatsonline for events,
   guides, giveaways and much more!

7 Days in China With thatsmags.com

   Weekly updates to your email inbox every Wednesday
   [thats-newsletter.png]

Download previous issues

   Never miss an issue of That's Magazines!

   Visit the archives

     *
     * About Us | Contact Us | Advertise With Us | Work for Us | App
       © 2023 JY International Cultural Communications Co.,
       Ltd. 粤ICP备20064570号

     *
     *

   (BUTTON) ×

Add your email

   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Add
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-20">
<text>
   Skip to main content

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TPSKCBM

   Migration Policy Institute
     * Newsroom
     * MPI en Español
     * Multimedia
     * Donate
     * Contact
     * Sign Up

   ______________________________
   [Articles_____________]
   Submit
   Refine by Date
   Date 09/01/2001____________________
   E.g., 01/02/2023
   Date ______________________________
   E.g., 01/02/2023
   Refine
     * Menu
          + Research &amp; Initiatives
               o Topics
               o Regions
               o Data
               o Programs
          + Publications
               o All Publications
               o Reports
               o Fact Sheets
               o Policy Briefs
               o Books
               o Articles
               o Commentaries
               o Explainers
          + Events
          + News
               o Newsroom
               o Press Releases
          + About Us
               o Mission
               o Staff
               o Trustees
               o Funders
               o Work at MPI
               o Intern at MPI
               o Contact MPI
          + MPI Europe
               o Overview
               o Mission
               o Staff
               o Internships
               o Contact
       [ ] Stay

     * Research &amp; Initiatives

Programs
          + Programs
               o International Program
               o Migrants, Migration, and Development
               o National Center on Immigrant Integration Policy
               o U.S. Immigration Policy Program
          + Initiatives
               o Beyond Territorial Asylum
               o Building a Regional Migration System
               o Human Services Initiative
               o Latin America and Caribbean Initiative
               o Migration Data Hub
               o Migration Information Source
               o Transatlantic Council on Migration
          + Projects
               o ELL Information Center
               o Latin America &amp; Caribbean Migration Portal
          + MPI Europe

Topics see all >gt;
          + Border Security
          + Coronavirus
          + Education
          + Employment &amp; the Economy
          + Illegal Immigration &amp; Interior Enforcement
          + Immigrant Integration
          + Immigrant Profiles &amp; Demographics
          + Immigration Policy &amp; Law
          + International Governance
          + Migration &amp; Development
          + Refugee &amp; Asylum Policy

Regions see all >gt;
          + Africa (sub-Saharan)
          + Asia and the Pacific
          + Central America &amp; the Caribbean
          + Europe
          + Middle East &amp; North Africa
          + North America
          + South America

Data
          + International Data
          + U.S. Data
          + Maps
       [ ] Stay
     * Publications
          + Reports
          + Fact Sheets
          + Policy Briefs
          + Books
          + Articles
          + Commentaries
          + Explainers

Featured Publication
       Cover image for Rebooting the Asylum System?
       Reports
       October 2022

Rebooting the Asylum System? The Role of Digital Tools in International
Protection
       By  Hanne Beirens
       [ ] Stay
     * Events
     * About Us
          + Mission
          + Staff
          + Trustees
          + Funders
          + Work at MPI
          + Intern at MPI
          + Contact MPI
          + Donate

Programs
       [ ] Stay
     * MPI Europe
          + Mission
          + Staff
          + Jobs
          + Internships
          + Contact
       [ ] Stay

   Defining 'Foreign Born' and 'Foreigner' in International Migration
   Statistics

You are here

   Home » Migration Information Source
   Migration Information Source logo
   Adjust Font    |
   (+) Increase Font
   (-) Decrease Font
   Reset Font
   Print    |    RSS    |    Copyright &amp; Reuse

Defining 'Foreign Born' and 'Foreigner' in International Migration Statistics

   July 1, 2002
   By Elizabeth Grieco
   Image of data graph chart.

   Data visualization. (Photo: iStock.com/winvic)

   Contrary to popular belief, numbers are not always "just numbers." As
   social scientists point out, many official statistics released by
   government agencies reflect the culture and history of the country in
   which they are generated. All aspects of a data collection system—from
   what data are collected, to the questions asked on surveys and
   censuses, even to what data are ultimately analyzed and
   disseminated—are influenced by this same context. Thus, official
   statistics actually embody socio-cultural influences that can prove to
   be problematic when attempting to compare data from different
   countries.

   Like other official numbers, international migration statistics also
   reflect the culture and history of the country in which they are
   generated. Throughout the world, countries demarcate their national
   identities by defining what seem to be immutable migration-related
   concepts, such as "migrant," "immigrant," or "citizen," in distinct
   ways. This variability has a direct impact on the way the governments
   of those countries collect, process, and present migration data—and on
   the ability of data users to make direct comparisons among countries.

   Models of Citizenship: Jus Soli and Jus Sanguinis

   The influence of socio-cultural norms and historical experiences on
   migration statistics is best illustrated in the similar-yet-different
   concepts of "foreign born" and "foreigner," both of which are rooted in
   and reflect very different models of citizenship. In general, the
   majority of people around the world acquire citizenship in one of two
   ways: "by birth" (jus soli) or "by blood" (jus sanguinis). Although
   these are "ideal types," they remain useful in explaining the divergent
   outcomes of citizenship policies. In a jus soli system, citizenship is
   based on place of birth. Although there are exceptions to this rule, in
   general, people born in these countries are citizens, while people born
   outside are non-citizens. Thus, in a jus soli context, the term
   "foreign born" refers to residents of a country who were born in
   another country. Foreign-born residents can, under certain
   circumstances, change their status and become citizens through
   naturalization. When combined, both place of birth and citizenship
   status can be used to divide the population into three
   categories—native-born citizens, foreign-born citizens, and
   non-citizens—and define who among the foreign born has acquired the
   full rights and responsibilities bestowed on all citizens.

   In a jus sanguinis system, descent and heritage play a pivotal role in
   defining who is, and can become, a citizen. Where people were born is
   not as important as if and how they can trace their ancestry back to
   the origin country. In this context, the term "foreigner" refers to
   those in the population whose heritage cannot be traced back to the
   host country. In general, under jus sanguinis citizenship policies, it
   is often difficult—though not impossible—for foreigners to naturalize,
   even if they are long-term residents or were native born to the
   country. Those foreigners who do naturalize typically have to
   demonstrate that they meet the required "integration" criteria, such as
   language skills or knowledge of the country's culture and history.
   While it is often difficult for resident foreigners to naturalize, it
   is usually easier for foreign-born ethnics to obtain citizenship after
   immigrating back to their ancestral "homeland," in some cases even if
   their families have lived abroad for generations. In this sense, the
   concept of foreigner divides a country's resident population—and,
   indeed, the world's population—into two groups: nationals, who have the
   right of citizenship by virtue of their ancestry, and foreigners, who
   must earn the right to naturalize.

   Foreign Born v. Foreigner: Reflecting Alternative Views of Citizenship

   These outlines of jus soli and jus sanguinis citizenship policies are,
   as noted, ideal types. In fact, most countries, while generally
   emphasizing one or the other, have increasingly blurred the distinction
   between the two by including elements of both in their broader
   procedures. However, the preeminence of either a "by birth" or "by
   blood" citizenship policy simultaneously reflects and defines how a
   country views "membership" and who does, and does not, belong. This, in
   turn, influences how individuals in a country's population are
   classified administratively and how they are counted in official
   statistics.

   The influence of varying citizenship policies on migration statistics
   can be clearly seen when data from the United States and Germany are
   put side-by-side. Two examples will be presented here, with the first
   focusing on "stock" data and the other on "flow" data. Both the United
   States and Germany data discussed in these examples are available in
   The Source's Global Data Center.

   [insight_USfbpop.gif] Stock data represent "snapshots" of a population
   at a single point in time by counting (as in a census) or estimating
   (as in a survey) the distribution of that population according to some
   characteristic, such as age, income, or sex. An example of stock data
   would be the distribution of all foreign persons in a population by
   their country of origin. However, who is included in the category of
   "foreign persons" will depend on whether the dominant citizenship
   policy of a country is jus soli or jus sanguinis.

   In the United States, where the citizenship policy is predominantly jus
   soli, "foreign persons" refers to all foreign born in the resident
   population and includes both naturalized citizens and non-citizens. In
   Germany, where a jus sanguinis policy dominates, "foreign persons"
   generally refers to anyone in the resident population who is a
   non-citizen and not of German descent, that is, both foreign-born and
   native-born foreigners who have not naturalized. However, it does not
   include either ethnic Germans who were born abroad and were awarded
   citizenship after immigration or non-German foreign-born persons who
   have naturalized; these individuals are considered to be, or to have
   become, nationals. As a result, while the concepts of foreign born and
   foreigner initially appear similar, they actually categorize people in
   fundamentally different ways. This makes it difficult to compare
   directly the migration stock data of the United States and Germany.
   [insight_GerForPop.gif]

   A similar problem exists when attempting to compare flow data. Flow
   data are collected and produced by governmental administrative
   agencies. Unlike stock data, they are collected continuously but are
   usually presented in an aggregate form for a point in time, such as
   monthly or annual statistics. A good example of flow data is the number
   of immigrants entering a country, since immigration is a process that
   occurs continuously and is catalogued year-round. Depending on whether
   the citizenship policy of a country is predominantly jus soli or jus
   sanguinis, the term "immigrant" can include very different categories
   of people.

   In the United States, immigrant inflow data include foreign-born
   persons who are non-citizens entering the country for lawful permanent
   residence. In Germany, immigrant inflow data also include foreign-born
   persons who are non-citizens entering the country legally, but not all
   foreign born are considered immigrants. Specifically, Aussiedler, or
   ethnic Germans born in eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, who
   meet certain requirements, have the right to enter Germany virtually as
   citizens. While they are enumerated in the inflow data, the Aussiedler
   are not considered immigrants but rather "returning nationals." This
   orientation also helps to explain why German citizens who have returned
   to Germany after long-term stays abroad are also included in the inflow
   data. In the United States, immigrant inflow data documents the arrival
   of the foreign born, while in Germany it documents both the arrival of
   the foreign population and the "return" of ethnic nationals.

   Implications for the Comparability of International Migration Data

   While it is generally assumed that statistics passively and objectively
   reflect the event or process they measure, in reality, they do so
   subjectively—in the context of the history and culture of the society
   in which they are produced. These socio-cultural influences can be seen
   in the varied concepts, legal definitions, and administrative
   classifications used to generate and report migration data— and this
   variation means that international migration statistics are often
   difficult to compare. Concepts and terms that may initially appear to
   include the same categories of people, such as "foreign born" and
   "foreigner" or even "immigrant," may actually encompass very different
   groups. This means that the rate and trend statistics generated from
   these data, such as "percentage of foreign persons in the total
   population" or "annual number of immigrants," are often not directly
   comparable.

   Do these differences mean that comparative analyses of international
   migration trends and levels should not be pursued? Of course not.
   Fortunately, many governments recognize the problems associated with
   these differences and, encouraged by support from various international
   agencies, are moving their statistics in the direction of greater
   comparability. However, change takes time and, as of today, there are
   still migration-related concepts and terms that remain problematic in
   an international context. It is therefore essential for users to be
   aware of the existence of differences and to make every effort to
   understand how those differences affect the comparability of the data.
   This is important, because it is the degree of comparability that will
   determine the qualifications associated with any conclusions drawn.

   Suggested Readings

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2000) From
   Migrants to Citizens: Membership in a Changing World. Washington, DC:
   Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2001)
   Citizenship Today: Global Perspectives and Practices. Washington, DC:
   Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

   Aleinikoff, T. Alexander and Douglas Klusmeyer (eds.) (2002)
   Citizenship Policies for an Age of Migration. Washington, DC: Carnegie
   Endowment for International Peace.

   Starr, Paul (1987) "The Sociology of Official Statistics." Pp. 7-57 in
   William Alonso and Paul Starr (eds.), The Politics of Numbers. New
   York: Russell Sage Foundation.
   IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS ABOUT THIS ARTICLE, CONTACT US AT
   [email protected]
   Newsletter Signup

Author

     * Elizabeth M. Grieco is chief of the U.S. Census Bureau’s
       Foreign-Born Population Branch in the Population Division.

Related Articles

     * Data Sources on the Foreign Born and International Migration at the
       U.S. Census Bureau
     * Remittance Data
     * Human Trafficking: The Need for Better Data

Related Research

     * Census 2010 and the Foreign Born: Averting the Data Crisis

Contact

   [email protected]
     * Research &amp; Initiatives
     * Publications
     * Events
     * News
     * About Us

     * Contact Us
     * Site Map
     * Privacy Policy
     * Experts

   Display Modal


   1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005 | ph. 202-266-1940 |
   fax. 202-266-1900

   [icon-twitter.png] [icon-facebook.png] [icon-linkedin.png]
   [icon-podcasts.png] [icon-vimeo.png] [icon-rss.png]

   Copyright © 2001-2023 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved.

   1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005
   ph. 202-266-1940 | fax. 202-266-1900

   [icon-twitter-41.png] [icon-facebook-41.png] [icon-linkedin-41.png]
   [icon-podcasts-41.png] [icon-vimeo-41.png] [icon-rss-41.png]

   Copyright © 2001-2023 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved.
     * Contact
     * Site Map
     * Experts
     * Donate

   Migration Policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-21">
<text>
   [e_logo2.png]
   US EUROPE AFRICA ASIA 中文
   ____________________ [fdj_ico.gif]-Submit
     * HOME
     * CHINA
     * WORLD
     * BUSINESS
     * LIFESTYLE
     * CULTURE
     * TRAVEL
     * SPORTS
     * OPINION
     * REGIONAL
     * FORUM

   Opinion / From the Readers

     * Editorials
     * Op-Ed
     * Columnists
     * Contributors
     * Cartoons
     * Specials
     * From the Press
     * Forum Trends
     * From the Readers
     * Debate

   Editor's Pick:
     * Syrian refugees
     * cyberspace
     * V-Day parade
     * shrimp scandal
     * TPP

Top 10 kinds of foreigners in China

   By Shark Minnow (blog.chinadaily.com.cn) Updated: 2015-04-17 10:42
   Comments Print Mail Large Medium Small

                     Top 10 kinds of foreigners in China

   Foreign tourists pose for photos on the Tiananmen Square in Beijing,
   China, September 24, 2009. [Photo/IC]

   Having lived in China pretty much my entire adult life, I have seen
   many foreigners come and go over the years. I was talking to a friend
   who has also lived here awhile and we started discussing the different
   kinds of foreigners we've come across. We came up with eight types
   together, and I added a couple more to round it out to a nice 10. This
   is by no means concrete or 100% accurate and not meant to encourage
   stereotypes, but I think there is a definite hint of truth to it, and
   probably a bit educational for Chinese readers. Any one foreigner may
   cross into another category and is by no means just relegated to one
   class. Many are "cross-overs".

   These are the categories of different kinds of foreigners we have met
   in China and have known over the years:

   1. Teachers

   The predominant field of expats in China is education, and I am myself
   part of this first class of foreigners. Some foreigners teach in China
   because they couldn't find a job in their home country, some because
   they've lived here a long time and have decided to settle down, or some
   teachers are just up for an adventure teaching abroad. Qualified,
   seasoned teachers are usually well-educated and versed in Chinese
   history and culture and may or not be able to speak Chinese. Teachers
   can be subdivided into 4 groups:

   a) Young, skippy university grads who want an adventure abroad for a
   year.

   b) Middle age teachers who have lived in China for a long time, speak
   Chinese, are probably married and/or raising a family here.

   c) Older, pensioned/retired teachers who want to experience teaching in
   a different culture before their "Golden Years" set in.

   d) Phonies. Yes, charlatans. Teachers who are not qualified to teach in
   China and try and take advantage of the system. May hold fake degrees,
   certificates, etc. A nasty bunch I'm telling' ya.

   2. (Drumroll....) Entrepreneurs/Venture capitalists

   Mostly young (but can be any age) foreigners who are determined to
   either start their own business in China, get involved in
   imports/exports, or any scheme to "Hit it Big" in China! These are also
   your legitimate small businesses &amp; pub/restaurant owners, ladies &amp;
   gents. 'Nother pint, guvna?

   3. Corporate Multinationals/Media

   Green Card/VIP Material: Distinguished foreigners who work for major
   corporations abroad abound. Other smaller multinationals included,
   these foreigners are your Americans, Germans, Aussies, Russians,
   Europeans, Africans, Indians, people from all over. These are the rich
   foreigners or foreigners who are well-established in their own field
   (media, business, etc.) at home as well as abroad. aka "The Big Fish"
   or "The Edwin Maher".

   4. Diplomats

   Foreigners who represent their government in China (Officials,
   Dignitaries, Embassy Workers, Bureaucrats, etc.) Yawn...

   5. NGOs

   A smaller group but becoming larger. Mostly young
   foreigners/30-somethings who are truly involved in making "One World,
   One Dream" a reality and the world a better place as a whole.

   6. Students/China Hands

   Students studying abroad in China or another class, I term, "China
   Hands". China Hands are foreigners who live here purely out of love of
   the culture, language and people. They may be any age group, in any
   profession, but live here mostly for love of China. Think Da Shan. Both
   Students and China Hands have the best understanding of Chinese
   culture, language, etc. These are your intellectuals.

   Previous Page 1 2 Next Page

   Previous Page 1 2 Next Page

   8.03K
   Related Stories
     * Why are foreigners leaving China?
     * China should police bad foreigners, too: expert
     * Foreigners' favorite Chinese dishes
     * Supportive China lures talented foreigners
     * Li promises to ease way for talented foreigners

   Most Viewed Today's Top News
     * Xi in Pakistan to work for real mutual benefits
     * China-EU should realize each other's full potential
     * Lowering of reserve ratio for banks eases burden on growth
       enterprises
     * Legal justice overrides sympathy in abuse case
     * Registration of immovables must proceed

   Forum Trends
   [0023ae989656169fd9cb11.jpg] Is square dancing enjoyable or annoying?
   [0023ae989656169e89ac0d.jpg] Time to buy stocks?
     * Is it OK to nap at Ikea?
     * Living in China: Expectations vs reality
     * Should undergrads start business?
     * Should condoms be distributed on campus?
     * Can doctors' illegible handwriting be justified?

   Columnists
   [0023ae606e6614b185ae02.jpg] Let's toast the nobodies and some writers
   [f8bc126e483114e791a70f.jpg] Rule of law covers drivers and smokers
   Featured Contributors
   [a41f72773d1b1698072b01.jpg] Obama faces tough task in lifting
   sanctions on Cuba
   [f8bc126e48311691dd0907.jpg] Transformation and upgrading more
   important
   Star Bloggers
   [f8bc126d9820169b16d62e.jpg]
   One Belt, One Road for foreigners By kellivschina

   I’ve never been “that person” who is always trying to get friends’
   opinion on the latest political happenings. I don’t usually find myself
   in political conversations.
   [f8bc126d9820169aae7c01.jpg]
   The best and the worst in one day By MichaelM

   If you've followed my story about recent events, you already know. But,
   if you haven't, let me recap several things.
   [f8bc126d9820169711ce01.jpg]
   Football should do it the football way By Tania_Sole

   Once more senior Chinese officials have decided that the nation must
   invest in its youth football programs.
   Special
   [0023ae989656166c922a34.jpg]

   China has huge growth potential: Experts
   [0023ae606e661639716a06.jpg]

   2014 - 2015: Memories and expectations
   [f8bc126e4831163016d710.jpg]

   Graphs: Why China isn't a copy-cat nation

   ...

   | About China Daily | Advertise on Site | Contact Us | Job Offer |
   Expat Employment |

   Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not
   limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this
   site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written
   authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used
   in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are
   suggested for this site.

   License for publishing multimedia online 0108263
   Registration Number: 130349       [biaoshi.gif]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-23">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: a95c3d20

   [irw-logo-text-c.svg]
   Search...
   Search for: ____________________ Search
   News Burma Politics War Against the Junta Myanmar’s Crisis &amp; the World
   Ethnic Issues Asia World Business Business Roundup Economy Money
   Election 2020 Elections in History Election 2015
   Opinion Editorial Commentary Guest Column Analysis Letters Cartoons
   Features In Person Interview Profile Dateline
   Specials Myanmar Diary Women &amp; Gender Places in History On This Day
   From the Archive Myanmar &amp; COVID-19 Intelligence Myanmar-China Watch
   Culture Arts Heritage Books
   Lifestyle Travel Food Fashion &amp; Design Videos Photos Photo Essays
   Constitution Contact Careers Burmese Version Donate

     * How Myanmar’s Junta Threw Six Foreigners Behind Bars
       19 October 2022
     * One Killed as 14 Break Out of Myanmar Junta Police Station
       19 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Lieutenant Colonel Among Over 50 Regime Forces Killed by Myanmar
       Resistance in Two Days
       19 October 2022
     * Myanmar’s Democrats Must Strive to Win Over China: Analyst
       19 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Troops Behead NUG Teacher
       18 October 2022
     * Prison-Break Resistance Fighter Killed in PDF Raid on Myanmar
       Police Outpost
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Pressures Courts to Speed Up Trials of Political
       Opponents
       18 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Pseudonymous Screed Attacking ASEAN Bears Prominent Junta
       Loyalist’s Stamp
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Artillery Strikes Kill Four Civilians in Rakhine
       18 October 2022
     * Local Official Among Some 40 Myanmar Junta Personnel Killed in Two
       Days
       18 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Buys FTC-2000G Fighter Jets From China
       18 October 2022
     * Sixteen Myanmar Regime Troops Captured in Karen State Ambush
       17 October 2022
     * Senior Myanmar Junta Figures Behind Legal Action Against Irrawaddy,
       BBC
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Chief Demands Unity as Secrets Continue to Leak
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Regime Has No Legitimacy to Hold Election: DPNS Leader
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta and Ethnic Armed Group Trade Accusations Over Fatal
       Pagoda Shooting
       17 October 2022
     * Anti-Myanmar Regime Alliance Reaches Out to China
       17 October 2022
     * Myanmar Political Prisoners Issue List of Torturers in Junta’s
       Insein Jail
       17 October 2022
     * About 40 Myanmar Junta Forces Killed in Three Days of Resistance
       Attacks
       17 October 2022
     * Key Moments From Chinese President’s Address to Communist Party
       Congress
       17 October 2022
     * How Sagaing is at Forefront of Revolution Against Myanmar’s Junta
       15 October 2022
     * Junta Watch: Coup Leader Gets Chummy With Cadets; Open Door for
       Russia; and More
       15 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Australian Economist Sean Turnell Moved to Yangon Prison
       14 October 2022
     * Who is Supplying Myanmar Junta with Aviation Fuel?
       14 October 2022
     * Daw Aung San Suu Kyi Security Chief Jailed by Myanmar Junta
       14 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Warns Arakan National Party Over Statement on Rakhine
       Killings
       14 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Suffers Over 20 Casualties in Clashes With Resistance
       in Two Days
       14 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Myanmar’s Brain Drain Grows Amid Chaos of Life Under Military Rule
       14 October 2022
     * Chinese-Backed Power Plant Opens in Myanmar’s Rakhine State
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar’s Stoic President Overlooked by International Community
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Solar Projects Attract Only Two Bidders
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Transfers Over 120 Political Prisoners from
       Mandalay's Obo Jail
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Jails Japanese Journalist for Three More Years for
       Immigration Breach: Embassy Source
       13 October 2022
     * Myanmar Resistance Attacks, Ambushes Leave Nearly 30 Regime Forces
       Dead in Two Days
       13 October 2022
     * Challenges Await New Contractor as India Rejigs Plan for Completion
       of Kaladan Project in Myanmar
       13 October 2022
     * Sagaing Resistance Groups Report Heavy Myanmar Regime Losses
       12 October 2022
     * Three Pilgrims Killed by Myanmar Regime at Golden Rock Pagoda
       12 October 2022
     * Civilians Die From Snakebites Myanmar Junta Seizes Medicines
       12 October 2022
     * Ousted Naypyitaw Mayor, Deputy Jailed for Another 3 Years by
       Myanmar Regime
       12 October 2022
     * Former General and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi Ally Dissolves His Union
       Betterment Party
       12 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Sentences Daw Aung San Suu Kyi to Another Three Years
       for Corruption
       12 October 2022
     * More Than 40 Myanmar Junta Troops Killed in Two Days of Resistance
       Attacks
       12 October 2022

       IFRAME: aa869c38

     * Striking Medics Blame Myanmar Junta for Nurse Death
       11 October 2022
     * Sagaing Resistance Fighters Killed in Myanmar Junta Raids
       11 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Jails and Files Cases Against Journalists
       11 October 2022
     * Myanmar Junta Uses Japan-Donated Ships to Transport Troops in
       Rakhine: HRW
       11 October 2022
     * Villager ‘Raped, Killed by Myanmar Junta Troops as She Ran to
       Rescue Her Children’
       11 October 2022

       IFRAME: ae5efdfd

     * Myanmar Resistance Forces Unite Under KNU Leadership in Mon State
       11 October 2022
     * Time for the Myanmar Junta to Face the Music
       11 October 2022

   Burma

How Myanmar’s Junta Threw Six Foreigners Behind Bars

   Clockwise from top left: Sean Turnell, Yuki Kitazumi, Vicky Bowman,
   Toru Kubota, Robert Bociaga and Danny Fenster.
     *
     *
     * 3.5k
     *
     *
     *

   By The Irrawaddy 19 October 2022

   Myanmar’s military regime has arrested six foreigners since the
   military coup last year, including a former British ambassador to the
   country. The six were arrested for having connections to the ousted
   National League for Democracy (NLD) government or journalists covering
   anti-regime protests, among others. Only three have been released while
   the rest remain in junta jails. The following is a complete list of who
   they are, when and where they were arrested, and for what.
    1. Australian economist Sean Turnell

   Australian economist Sean Turnell had worked as an economic advisor to
   Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy (NLD) government
   since 2017. He was the first foreigner to be detained after the coup
   because of his ties to the NLD government. He was arrested at a hotel
   in Yangon, one week after Feb. 1 2021 coup.

   A junta-controlled court in Naypyitaw Prison sentenced him to three
   years in prison on September 29 for violating the Official Secrets Act
   and visa regulations.

   Australia’s government rejected the ruling and called for Turnell to be
   immediately released. The 58-year-old economist is currently being held
   in Insein Prison in Yangon. He pleaded not guilty to charges against
   him at a court hearing on August 11 this year.
    2. Polish photojournalist Robert Bociaga

   Polish journalist Robert Bociaga was detained by junta security
   personnel while documenting an anti-coup protest in Taunggyi in
   southern Shan State on March 11, 2021.

   The 30-year-old was allegedly beaten during his arrest. He was charged
   under the Immigration Act and fined 200,000 kyats. He was freed on
   March 22 after 11 days of detention at Taung Lay Lone Prison in
   Taunggyi.
    3. Japanese freelance journalist Yuki Kitazumi

   Japanese freelance journalist Yuki Kitazumi was detained in Yangon on
   April 18, 2021. The 45-year-old was charged on May 3 for spreading
   ‘fake news’, but released from Insein Prison on May 14. He returned to
   Japan the same day.

   He was also beaten up and briefly detained while covering an anti-coup
   protest in Yangon on February 26. He was released the same day after
   around five hours in detention.
    4. US journalist Danny Fenster

   American journalist Danny Fenster was detained on May 24 at Yangon
   International Airport on his way back to the US.

   The 37-year-old managing director of the Yangon-based Frontier Myanmar
   news magazine was charged with incitement and breaking the Unlawful
   Association Act and Immigration Act, and given 11 years in prison.

   He was prosecuted partly because he worked for local media outlet
   Myanmar Now, whose media license the regime had revoked after the coup.
   The judge refused to consider the fact that he resigned from Myanmar
   Now on July 2020 and had since been working for Frontier Myanmar.

   He was released after more than five months of detention at Insein
   Prison, following former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson’s
   intervention. He was deported on November 15 and flew to the US.
    5. Japanese documentary filmmaker Toru Kubota

   Japanese documentary filmmaker Toru Kubota was arrested at an anti-coup
   protest on July 30, 2022. He was charged with incitement and violating
   the Immigration Act and Electronic Transactions Law.

   He was handed seven years in prison on October 5 for incitement and
   breaking the electronic transactions law. On October 12, he was
   sentenced to another three years for violating the immigration law.

   The 26-year-old is the second Japanese journalist to be detained since
   the coup, and is currently being held in Insein Prison.
    6. Former British ambassador Vicky Bowman

   Britain’s former ambassador to Myanmar Vicky Bowman, also known as Daw
   Ohmar Khin, and her husband Ko Htein Lin, a renowned artist and former
   political prisoner, were detained on August 24 this year at their house
   in Yangon.

   The regime charged Bowman with breaking immigration laws by staying in
   a family home in Shan State’s Kalaw rather than in her registered
   Yangon address after her husband failed to report his wife’s stay in
   Shan State.

   The couple was imprisoned for one year with hard labor on September 2
   by a junta-controlled court in Insein Prison.

   Bowman served as Britain’s ambassador to Myanmar under the previous
   military regime between 2002 and 2006. She was the first former
   diplomat to be detained after the coup.

   The arrest came after the British government had downgraded its
   relationship with Myanmar’s military regime.

   Topics: civil disobedience movement, Coup, crackdown, Danny Fenster,
   Democracy, Foreign political prisoners, Human Rights, junta, military
   in politics, military regime, National League for Democracy, NLD,
   Political Prisoners, regime, Robert Bociaga, Rule of Law, Sean Turnell,
   State Counselor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Toru Kubota, Vicky Bowman, Yuki
   Kitazumi
   The Irrawaddy ...
     * [liked.svg]
     * [loved.svg]
     * [wow.svg]
     * [sad.svg]

   Your Thoughts …

   Loading
   Loading

     * Copyright
     * Code of Ethics
     * Privacy Policy
     * Careers
     * Team
     * About Us
     * Contact

   TOP
     * 3.8M+ Fans
     * 12K Follow
     * Subs
     * Feed
     * Liked
     * Loved
     * Wowed
     * Sad
     * Photos
     * Home

   Copyright © 2016 Irrawaddy Publishing Group. All Rights Reserved
   [logo-og.png] We do not encourage viewing this site in this width.
   Please increase the size of your window.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NNGZCB
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-24">
<text>
     * News
          + White House
          + Senate
          + House
          + Campaigns
          + Business
          + Justice
          + Crime
          + Sunday Talk Shows
          + Washington Secrets
     * Policy
          + Defense &amp; National Security
          + Energy &amp; Environment
          + Education
          + Immigration
          + Finance &amp; Economy
          + Healthcare
          + Foreign Policy
          + Technology
          + Infrastructure
          + Space
          + Think Tanks
     * Opinion
          + Columnists
          + Editorials
          + Beltway Confidential
     * Videos
          + Latest Clips
          + The Debrief
          + Reporter's Notebook
     * Magazine
          + Latest Edition
          + All Magazine Editions
          + Digital Reader
          + Member Login
          + Member Access
     * Restoring America
     * Newsletters

   [ ]
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   Washington Examiner

   The Washington Examiner
   Member Log InLog In | Subscribe Now
   Monday, January 02, 2023
     * News
          + White House
          + Senate
          + House
          + Campaigns
          + Business
          + Justice
          + Crime
          + Sunday Talk Shows
          + Washington Secrets
     * Policy
          + Defense &amp; National Security
          + Energy &amp; Environment
          + Education
          + Immigration
          + Finance &amp; Economy
          + Healthcare
          + Foreign Policy
          + Technology
          + Infrastructure
          + Space
          + Think Tanks
     * Opinion
          + Columnists
          + Editorials
          + Beltway Confidential
     * Videos
          + Latest Clips
          + The Debrief
          + Reporter's Notebook
     * Magazine
          + Latest Edition
          + All Magazine Editions
          + Digital Reader
          + Member Login
          + Member Access
     * Restoring America
     * Newsletters

   (BUTTON)

   Indonesia

Indonesia passes law banning extramarital sex for citizens and foreigners
alike

   by Brady Knox, Breaking News Reporter
   December 06, 2022 12:08 PM
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Opinion

   If we're punishing politicians for lying about their past, start with
   Joe Biden
   By: Christopher Tremoglie
   Christopher Tremoglie
   The State Department should name and shame political cults
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin
   Prepare for insurgency in Iran when the Ayatollahs fall
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin

Videos

   APTOPIX Four Dead University of Idaho
   Idaho college murders: Mug shot released of suspect taken into custody
   2,000 miles away
   Edible Insects
   Push to eat bugs: The creepy, crawly alternative to eating meat
   Screen Shot 2022-12-29 at 1.27.24 PM.png
   WATCH: Washington Examiner's Anna Giaritelli details catastrophe at
   broken border
   BeFunky-collage.jpg
   MTG attacks Tulsi Gabbard for ripping into incoming GOP representative
   over falsehoods

Newsletters

   Phone News
   Sign up now to get the Washington Examiner’s breaking news and timely
   commentary delivered right to your inbox.

   Indonesia's parliament passed a law banning sex outside of marriage for
   citizens and foreigners alike.

   The law, which will take effect in three years upon the adoption of a
   new criminal code, sentences offenders to one year in prison, while
   those found cohabiting can face six months, according to the Associated
   Press, which obtained a copy of the new law code. Sex outside of
   marriage was already banned, but the punishment was light and almost
   never enforced. The strict new laws come amid an upsurge in religious
   conservatism in the world's most populous Muslim country.

   JAVA EARTHQUAKE DEATH TOLL RISES TO 162, MOSTLY CHILDREN
   Indonesia Criminal Code Indonesian Law and Human Right Minister Yasonna
   Laoly, left, pose for the media with Deputy House Speaker Sufmi Dasco
   Ahmad, center, during a session ratifying the country's new criminal
   code at the parliament building in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. 6,
   2022. Indonesia's Parliament passed a long-awaited and controversial
   revision of its penal code Tuesday that criminalizes extramarital sex
   for citizens and visiting foreigners alike. (AP Photo)
   AP

   Though widely criticized by human rights activists, the new code was
   hailed by the government and its supporters as a monumental
   achievement.

   “It turns out that it is not easy for us to break away from colonial
   living legacy, even though this nation no longer wants to use colonial
   products,” Law and Human Rights Minister Yasonna Laoly said in a news
   conference. “Finalizing this process demonstrates that even 76 years
   after the Dutch Criminal Code was adopted as the Indonesian Criminal
   Code, it is never too late to produce laws on our own. The Criminal
   Code is a reflection of the civilization of a nation.”

   The new criminal code also bans insulting the president or vice
   president, state institutions, and national ideology. Contraception and
   blasphemy, as well as their promotion, are also banned. Oddly enough,
   despite the strict new laws regarding a wide variety of social issues,
   the new code is more liberal than the old in terms of LGBT rights and
   abortion.

   Human rights activists expressed worry over abuses from the new laws,
   particularly regarding premarital sex and cohabitation. Some worry that
   millions of married couples without proper marriage licenses could be
   subject to imprisonment, according to the BBC. Other business leaders
   feared that the ban on extramarital sex could harm tourism.

   CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER

   Ajeng, a woman who has lived with her partner outside of marriage for
   the past five years, expressed her worries to the outlet, adding that
   she believes the new laws are draconian in nature.

   "People are angry that their liberty is being taken. Indonesia has
   plenty of problems like poverty, climate change, and corruption, but
   instead of solving a problem they've created a bill that only adds to
   the problem," she said.

Opinion

   If we're punishing politicians for lying about their past, start with
   Joe Biden
   By: Christopher Tremoglie
   Christopher Tremoglie
   The State Department should name and shame political cults
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin
   Prepare for insurgency in Iran when the Ayatollahs fall
   By: Michael Rubin
   Michael Rubin

Videos

   APTOPIX Four Dead University of Idaho
   Idaho college murders: Mug shot released of suspect taken into custody
   2,000 miles away
   Edible Insects
   Push to eat bugs: The creepy, crawly alternative to eating meat
   Screen Shot 2022-12-29 at 1.27.24 PM.png
   WATCH: Washington Examiner's Anna Giaritelli details catastrophe at
   broken border
   BeFunky-collage.jpg
   MTG attacks Tulsi Gabbard for ripping into incoming GOP representative
   over falsehoods

Newsletters

   Phone News
   Sign up now to get the Washington Examiner’s breaking news and timely
   commentary delivered right to your inbox.

   Indonesia
   sex
   Law
   Prison
   Marriage
   News
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Share your thoughts with friends.

     * About Examiner
     * Magazine Archive
     * Staff
     * Policies and Standards
     * Sitemap
     * Advertise
     * Contact
     * Subscribe
     * Newsletters
     * Careers
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Terms Of Use
     * Privacy Policy
     * Transparency In Coverage

Copyright 2023. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-25">
<text>
   [1571726511672_788.jpg] [1571816581258_221.jpg]
   ENGLISH
   Home
   News
   Aerial China
   China Style
   China Faces
   A Better Life
   Wednesday, June 29, 2019June 29, 2019
   Homepage >gt; Trending

The First Foreigner to Join the Chinese Nationality

   Source:CCTV.com 30-11-22 10:54 Updated BJT
   Font size:A+A-

   In 1950, George Hatem became the first foreigner to obtain a Chinese
   citizenship. He had married his Chinese wife ten years earlier and
   together they had two children. Hatem spent the rest of his life in
   China, devoted to the treatment of leprosy until his death in October
   1988.
   Editor: Liusiyu
   30-11-22 10:54 BJT

   Share this:
   Facebook Twitter Weibo
   Editor's Choice
     * [2022122714234512291.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       China's first C919 to carry out 100-hour verification flight
     * [2022122714192059723.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Chinese Navy celebrates 14th anniversary of its escort missions
     * [2022122711172844364.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Multinational corporate investors bullish on Chinese market
     * [2022122615301914793.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       UN space office expects more int'l projects on China Space Station
     * [2022122615352758727.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Beijing sets up makeshift fever clinics in stadiums to relieve
       burdens at hospitals
     * [2022122615341295707.jpg?w=320&amp;h=180&amp;p=0]
       Family doctors in Sichuan provide home services for COVID-19
       patients

   About CCTV.com
          CCTV.com is constantly updated with top news from China and
          around the world. Offering news reports, live and on-demand
          video content and searchable archives, CCTV.com is available in
          Mandarin, English and Chinese ethnic minority languages.

   Links

          + Xinhua
          + China Daily
          + CRI
          + People´s Daily
          + China.org.cn
          + gmw.cn
          + taiwan.cn
          + Qiushi

   Languages

          + 中文简体
          + English
          + Монгол

   Homepage|Site Map
   Copyright© 2019 China Media Group,CCTV.com.All Rights Reserved
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-26">
<text>
    #Express.co.uk Search Express.co.uk Tennis RSS Feed

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. logo_christmas

   Discount codes Puzzles Horoscopes Express Rated Shop Paper
   Login Register
     * Your Account
     * Sign Out

   13°C
   Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * HOME
     * News
     * Showbiz &amp; TV
     * Sport
     * Comment
     * Finance
     * Travel
     * Entertainment
     * Life &amp; Style

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Other
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

     * Home
     * Sport
     * Tennis

   Boxing Day sales

Rafael Nadal makes 'foreigner' comment after concluding tennis tour in Mexico

Rafael Nadal concluded his exhibition tour of South American in Mexico on
Friday and spoke of the special feelings he has each time he visits the
country

   By Liam Llewellyn
   15:30, Sun, Dec 4, 2022 | UPDATED: 15:32, Sun, Dec 4, 2022
   Link copied

Nadal has a chance encounter with Serena Williams in June

   ____________________ (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE Invalid email

   We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and
   to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us
   and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any
   time. More info

   Rafael Nadal has claimed he feels at home while in Mexico as part of
   his South American exhibition tour. The Spaniard travelled to several
   countries around the continent to contest some light-hearted matches
   with Casper Ruud.

Related articles

     * Nadal and Kyrgios already have rematch date after Wimbledon
       walkover
     * Nadal paid heartwarming tribute by Ruud as 'spectacular' impact
       lauded

   The pair visited Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Ecuador and Colombia before
   concluding the tour in Mexico. After defeating the Norwegian 7-6, 6-4
   at the Plaza de Toros in the last match of their tour, the 36-year-old
   commented on the welcome he receives each time he visits.

   "When I'm in Mexico I don't feel like a stranger, I don't feel like a
   foreigner, in the end when you're in a country where we speak the same
   language and there are more things that unite us, when I arrive here I
   feel at home," he said. “The reception of the people I feel is
   spectacular. It is a country where people know how to have fun, a happy
   country.

   “And well, in all the places I have been in the country in Cozumel,
   Tulum, Playa Mujeres, and Acapulco, I have always been happy. I have
   always taken good memories of the places, but also of the people, of
   the food, of everything, and that always encourages me to come back.”

   JUST IN: Emma Raducanu enjoys break from tennis woes by watching Tyson
   Fury beat Derek Chisora


   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Rafael Nadal said he feels like home whenever he is in Mexico (Image:
   Getty)

   The world number two has enjoyed plenty of success in Mexico, winning
   the Acapulco Open four times, and is currently its reigning champion.
   He has thrilled the Mexican fans with his supreme ability over the
   years, but the 22-time grand slam champion claimed he may not play
   there again, having confirmed he will not defend his title in 2023.

   “It will most likely be the last time I play in Mexico, Acapulco 2023
   is not on my calendar and the 2024 season seems far away,” he
   explained. “Now is the time to enjoy this moment to the fullest and
   play in an emblematic setting, with many people and in a country where
   I have always felt loved.”

   However, Nadal did not suggest he would be retiring, but between the
   lines he may be reducing his activities as he gets closer to the end of
   his career to maintain his fitness, with injury problems blighting
   recent seasons. “For me the main thing right now is to be able to get
   to the important tournaments in full physical condition,” he added.
   DON'T MISS
   Rafa Nadal drops hint that Roger Federer will be the source for
   prolonging tennis career
   Rafael Nadal provides update on his body after multiple injury setbacks
   in 2022
   Rafael Nadal makes Roger Federer comeback promise and hints plans
   already underway

   Tennis Fest GNP: Rafael Nadal v Casper Ruud
   Nadal and Casper Ruud concluded their South American exhibition tour on
   Friday (Image: Getty)

   “I continue to enjoy day-by-day and I continue to have goals that
   excite me at a professional level. I’m going to try to achieve them
   until my body or mind says enough.

   "At the moment, that hasn’t happened so I want to continue. I am happy
   doing what I do, I love competing on the big stages and the love of the
   people encouraged me to continue.”

   Nadal is set to commence his 2023 season when he leads Spain in the
   inaugural United Cup, an annual mixed team event set to be played in
   Brisbane, Perth and Sydney from December 29 to January 8 next year.

Related articles

     * Rafa Nadal explains difference between Federer and Djokovic
       rivalries
     * Rafael Nadal retirement prediction after tennis legend roared back
     * Rafael Nadal filmed at 2am playing football in airport

   Rafael Nadal

  Most read in Tennis

  Latest videos

   driving laws petrol diesel clean air fines france 2023

UK drivers warned of massive fines for driving a petrol or diesel car in
France

   how to remove mould condensation houseplants

Six ‘exceptional’ houseplants for removing mould and condensation - and
‘other toxins’

   royal family live king charles archie lilibet titles prince harry
   meghan markle Live-event

Archie and Lilibet titles hang in balance until Harry and Meghan 'stop
lobbing salvos'

   Transfer News Live Man Utd Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Arsenal Mykhaylo
   Mudryk Newcastle Live-event

Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Fernandez swap deal, Mudryk announcement, big
Newcastle bids

   iceland food recall sweet product urgent warning advice latest

Iceland recalls popular sweet product due to urgent health risk - 'do not eat
it'

   meghan markle jason knauf king charles new year honour meghan bullying

King Charles to hand royal aide who accused Meghan Markle of bullying New
Year Honour

   Rishi Sunak 2023 New Year Honours King Charles ont

Rishi Sunak pens touching congratulations to 2023 New Year Honours recipients

   David Beckham snubbed King Charles New Year Honours List again

David Beckham snubbed by King Charles as England icon left off New Year
Honours List again

   Man Utd transfer news Enzo Fernandez Chelsea Premier League Erik ten
   Hag Wan Bissaka

Man Utd could offer three players to Benfica to hijack Chelsea's Enzo
Fernandez deal

   Cristiano Ronaldo transfer news Man Utd Al Nassr

Cristiano Ronaldo upgrades on Man Utd as jaw-dropping details of Al-Nassr
contract emerge

   Australian Open China Grand Slam shake up tennis news

Australian Open 'could be moved to China' in drastic Grand Slam shake-up

   Australian Open Dominic Thiem Austrian wildcard tennis news

Australian Open confirm Dominic Thiem return as Austrian one of three to get
wildcard

   Taylor Fritz United Cup team-mate post-match interview tennis news

Taylor Fritz warns United Cup team-mate 'I'll knock you out' in post-match
interview

   Nick Kyrgios comments Lleyton Hewitt United Cup withdrawal Australia

Nick Kyrgios takes aim at Lleyton Hewitt after pulling out of United Cup at
last minute

   Nick Kyrgios tennis news

Nick Kyrgios demands apology and fires back at 'pure villain' critics

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic doubles pressure Instagram message tennis
   news

Nick Kyrgios ramps up Novak Djokovic doubles pressure with latest message to
Serb

   Rafael Nadal retirement Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal drops retirement hint after being asked if this is his last
Australian Open

   Novak Djokovic tennis Erling Haaland Kylian Mbappe

Novak Djokovic faster than Erling Haaland and almost matches Kylian Mbappe
data shows

   Novak Djokovic coach Australian Open tennis news

Novak Djokovic re-hires coach after axing physio on the eve of Australian
Open

   Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
   Australian experience

Novak Djokovic picks favourite Grand Slam while reflecting on horror
Australian experience

   Rafael Nadal Novak Djokovic Nick Kyrgios Australian Open tennis news

Rafael Nadal speaks out on Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios threats before
Australian Open

   Tennis news Rafael Nadal Australian Open Daniil Medvedev Novak Djokovic
   retirement

Rafael Nadal nearly missed Australian Open before breaking record in 'most
exciting' final

   Novak Djokovic splits physio change Australian Open Badio Zimaglia

Novak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian
Open campaign

   Rafael Nadal Iga wi tek tennis news

Rafael Nadal and Iga Swiatek headline tennis event with mouthwatering £8.5m
up for grabs

   nick kyrgios stefanos tsitsipas rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios stung by Stefanos Tsitsipas dig as Aussie ace swerves Rafael
Nadal showdown

   nick kyrgios blasted rafael nadal united cup tennis news

Nick Kyrgios blasted by Aussies for late withdrawal from Rafael Nadal
showdown

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic hint Bromance tennis news

Nick Kyrgios drops exciting Novak Djokovic hint as he lauds 'bromance' with
Serb

   novak djokovic australian open covid saga craig tiley tennis news

Novak Djokovic request made by Australian Open boss as Serb arrives at scene
of Covid saga

   Ivan Lendl Boris Becker admission tennis news

Ivan Lendl makes Boris Becker admission as tennis icon returns home from
prison

   Emma Raducanu Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal Iga Swiatek 2023 tennis
   predictions

Emma Raducanu divides opinion while Djokovic returns to the top - 2023 tennis
predictions

   Iga Swiatek Max Verstappen Federer Nadal Djokovic

Iga Swiatek beats Max Verstappen to major sporting award like Federer, Nadal
and Djokovic

   Nick Kyrgios Novak Djokovic tennis news

Nick Kyrgios defends exhibition he played with Novak Djokovic after former
pro hit out

SEARCH

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

CONNECT WITH US

     * Find us on Facebook
     * Follow us on Twitter
     * Subscribe to our rss feed

TODAY'S PAPER

   todays-paper
   Saturday, 31st December 2022

   See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back
   issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.

News

     * UK
     * Politics
     * Royal
     * World
     * US
     * Science
     * Weather
     * Weird
     * History
     * Nature
     * Sunday
     * Obituaries

Latest News

     * Brexit
     * European Union
     * Theresa May
     * Angela Merkel
     * Donald Trump
     * The Queen
     * Kate Middleton
     * Meghan Markle
     * Diesel
     * Cancer
     * Diabetes
     * Dementia
     * YouTube
     * InYourArea

Showbiz &amp; TV

     * TV &amp; Radio
     * Celebrity News

Sport

     * Football
     * Tennis
     * Transfer news
     * Premier League
     * Manchester United
     * Liverpool
     * Arsenal
     * Chelsea
     * Tottenham Hotspur
     * Manchester City
     * West Ham
     * Everton
     * Celtic
     * Rangers
     * F1
     * Boxing
     * UFC
     * Cricket
     * Rugby
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Racing
     * NBA

Comment

     * Columnists
     * Express Comment

Finance

     * City &amp; Business
     * Personal Finance
     * The Crusader

Travel

     * Travel News
     * Activity Holidays
     * Cruise
     * Beach Holidays
     * Short &amp; City breaks

Express Rated

     * Best VPN
     * Best Sky Deals
     * Best Mattress
     * Best Dating Sites
     * Best UK
       Broadband Deals
     * Freeview
     * Samsung
     * Sky
     * Android
     * Apple
     * Black Friday

Entertainment

     * Films
     * Gaming
     * Music
     * Books
     * Theatre
     * Express Wins

Life &amp; Style

     * Style
     * Diets
     * Health
     * Garden
     * Tech
     * Property
     * Life
     * Cars
     * Food
     * OK! Beauty
       Box Subscription

EXPRESS.CO.UK

     * Play Express Wins
     * Apps
     * Puzzles
     * Horoscopes
     * Discount codes
     * Partner Stories
     * Shop
     * Hopsmore Beer Club
     * Paper
     * Sitemap
     * Site Archive
     * About Us
     * Journalists
     * How to Complain
     * Report a Tech Issue
     * Advertising
     * Affiliate advertising
     * Cookies Settings
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Terms &amp; Conditions
     * Community Standards
     * Developed by Netro42
     * Syndication and Licensing
     * Clarifications and Corrections

   IPSO Regulated Copyright ©2022 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a
   registered trademark. All rights reserved.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NX7XL77

   Facebook pixel
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-27">
<text>
   #alternate RSS 2.0 Atom Middle East Monitor » Feed Middle East Monitor
   » Comments Feed Middle East Monitor » Tunisia: ex-president to be
   questioned over passports for foreigners Comments Feed alternate
   alternate alternate

   Middle East Monitor
   Latest News
     * / West Bank: Israeli settlers storm agricultural warehouse in
       Tulkarm, destroy its contents
     * / Egyptian president congratulates Israel's new PM in phone call
     * / Turkish foreign minister to attend football legend Pele's funeral
       in Brazil
     * / Iran employs drones in massive war games amid tensions with West
     * / At least 33 terror suspects arrested in southeastern Turkiye
     * / Iran police detain top-tier football players in raid at party
     * / Yemen's rebels say seeking permanent cease-fire
     * / Sudan faces 'complex political process': UN mission
     * / OIC hails UN vote on Israel's occupation of Palestine
     * / UAE president congratulates Israel's Netanyahu on forming new
       gov't
     * / Boat carrying 200 migrants sinks off Lebanon's coast
     * / Israel's Netanyahu says UN vote for ICJ opinion 'despicable'
     * / One-third of Arab population lives in poverty: ESCWA
     * / Ties with China strained after it refused to allow Turkish
       ambassador to visit Uyghur region
     * / Turkiye agrees to withdraw military from northern Syria,
       following tripartite reconciliation talks

     *
     *
     *
     *

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Middle East Monitor
   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * News
     * Opinion
     * Reviews
     * Features
     * Publications
     * Multimedia
     * More

   Portuguese / Spanish / English

Tunisia: ex-president to be questioned over passports for foreigners

   December 6, 2022 at 5:24 pm | Published in: Africa, Asia &amp; Americas,
   Austria, Egypt, Europe &amp; Russia, International Organisations, News,
   Switzerland, Tunisia, UN, US
   Image of Professor Yousef Nada [alresalah]
   Image of Professor Yousef Nada [alresalah]
   December 6, 2022 at 5:24 pm

   Tunisia's former President Hammadi Jbali is facing a Tunisian court to
   explain a potential link between himself and Youssef Nada and Ghaleb
   Hemmet, two men who obtained Tunisian passports in the 1970s which were
   renewed at the end of 2012 months after the decision of the European
   Court of Human Rights that Egyptian businessman Nada's rights had been
   violated by the Swiss authorities, which placed restrictions on his
   movement across borders.

   That decision was taken after Nada was accused by the US of helping to
   finance the 9/11 terrorist attacks. He was placed on a sanctions list
   approved by the UN Security Council, which placed travel restrictions
   on those listed.

   In Nada's case no evidence against him was ever found, but he remained
   trapped in an Italian enclave within Switzerland for several years.
   "Switzerland should have taken all possible measures, within the
   latitude available to it, to adapt the sanctions regime to the
   applicant's individual situation," ruled the court in Strasbourg. The
   Swiss government was ordered to pay Nada $31,550 to cover his costs and
   expenses.

   A court in Tunisia is now checking if Nada, 92, has any link with
   terrorism. Critics of President Kais Saied describe this as "nonsense"
   and an example of him using the law for political purposes.

   On 23 January, Arabi21 published a series of documents which appear to
   confirm that Nada and Hemmat were granted the Tunisian nationality
   legally, with official approval of the Ministries of Foreign Affairs
   and Justice and the Tunisian consulates in the Austrian capital,
   Vienna, and the Swiss city of Bern.

   These official documents included the certificate of nationality issued
   by the Tunisian ambassador in Vienna to Youssef Nada, the registration
   card signed by the Tunisian ambassador in April 1981, the certificate
   of Tunisian nationality issued by the Ministry of Justice in Tunisia on
   19 February 1983, and the letter from the head of the Nationality
   Authority in Tunisia on behalf of the Minister of Foreign Affairs on 14
   March 1983.

   READ: Tunisia: Ennahda accuses authorities of lack of transparency
   Categories
   AfricaAsia &amp; AmericasAustriaEgyptEurope &amp; RussiaInternational
   OrganisationsNewsSwitzerlandTunisiaUNUS
   Show Comments
   Creative Commons License Unless otherwise stated in the article above,
   this work by Middle East Monitor is licensed under a Creative Commons
   Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. If the
   image(s) bear our credit, this license also applies to them. What does
   that mean? For other permissions, please contact us.

Spotted an error on this page? Let us know

   ________________________________________

   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________

   This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
   Terms of Service apply.

   Send

   Δ
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

Related

   The JNF/KKL A Charity Complicit With Ethnic Cleansing book launch

   Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments.

Latest Updates

     * Africa
     * Asia &amp; Americas
     * Middle East
     * Europe
     * Book Reviews
     * Event Reviews
     * Film Reviews

Columnist

     * Dr Daud Abdullah
     * Ramzy Baroud
     * Kamel Hawwash
     * Amelia Smith
     * Yvonne Ridley
     * Asa Winstanley
     * Guest Writers
     * Interviews

Regular Contributors

     * Anjuman Rahman
     * Nasim Ahmed
     * Omar Ahmed
     * Jehan Alfarra
     * Khalil Charles
     * Ibrahim Hewitt
     * Muhammad Hussein
     * Maha Salah
     * Ramona Wadi

Reports &amp; Resources

     * Briefing Papers
     * Fact Sheets
     * Reports
     * Documents
     * Interviews

Stay Informed

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Youtube
     * Instagram

Middle East Monitor

     * About Us
     * Palestine Book Awards
     * Editorial Guidelines
     * Legal Pages
     * Press Releases
     * Privacy Policy
     * All Stories Archive
     * Contact Us

Creating New Perspectives

   Middle East Monitor is owned and operated by Ardi Associates Ltd
   © Ardi Associates Ltd 2009-2023. All Rights Reserved | Legal Pages |
   Privacy Policy
   Middle East Monitor

   [tr?id=2617219025192558&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-28">
<text>
   #VOA - Top Stories [RSS]

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N8MP7P

   analytics

Accessibility links

     * Skip to main content
     * Skip to main Navigation
     * Skip to Search

   (BUTTON) Next
   (BUTTON) Close (BUTTON) Previous (BUTTON) Next
   please wait

Print Options:

     * [X] Images
     * [X] Multimedia

     * [X] Embedded Content
     * [ ] Comments

   (BUTTON) Cancel (BUTTON) Print
   Link has been copied to clipboard
   [ ]

     * Home
     * [X] United States
       U.S. News All About America Silicon Valley &amp; Technology Immigration
     * [X] World
       Africa The Americas East Asia Europe Middle East South &amp; Central
       Asia
     * Ukraine
     * Press Freedom
     * COVID-19 Pandemic
     * China
     * Iran
     * Broadcast Programs

Follow Us

   Languages
   [ ]
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)
   site logo site logo
   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)
   site logo site logo
   Previous Next
   [ ] Breaking News

   China News

China Blames Foreigners for Inciting Protests

   December 02, 2022 0:47 AM
     * Saibal Dasgupta
     __________________________________________________________________

   Protesters hold up blank papers and chant slogans as they march in
   Beijing, Nov. 27, 2022. Protesters hold up blank papers and chant
   slogans as they march in Beijing, Nov. 27, 2022.

   Share
     *
     *
     * ____________________ (text)
     *
     *


   China Blames Foreigners for Inciting Protests

   share
     *
     *
     * ____________________ (text)
     *
     *

   (BUTTON) Print
   NEW DELHI —

   China’s rulers are accusing "hostile forces," including foreigners, of
   inciting street demonstrations in more than three dozen Chinese cities
   and many more universities in the biggest domestic political challenge
   for Beijing since 1989's Tiananmen Square protests.

   At stake is the legitimacy of the ruling Chinese Communist Party as
   protesters question its management of the COVID-19 pandemic. The
   government has used repressive methods such as repetitive mass testing,
   quarantines, and lockdowns resulting in large-scale unemployment and
   economic loss.

   Jolted, the government is handling the new situation cautiously. Though
   several instances of police violence have taken place, state repression
   has not reached the magnitude initially feared. The government is
   depending more on propaganda to evoke nationalistic sentiments and
   using politically divisive methods to address some of the problems
   highlighted by protesters, according to analysts.

   “We must resolutely crack down on infiltration and sabotage activities
   by hostile forces in accordance with the law, resolutely crack down on
   illegal and criminal acts that disrupt social order and effectively
   maintain overall social stability," the CCP's Central Political and
   Legal Affairs Commission (CPLAC) said in a statement released Tuesday.

   Bucknell University political scientist Zhiqun Zhu said the statement
   is a direct reference to foreign forces attempting to fan the flames of
   political unrest.

   “The definitions of 'infiltration' and 'sabotage activities' are very
   broad. Even a foreign journalist reporting on site is viewed with
   suspicion," Zhu told VOA. "Social media postings and commentaries on
   the protests are also considered adding fuel to the fire.

   “In this context, foreigners offering critical comments about the
   protests or making contacts with protesters are easily blamed for
   instigating, shaping and guiding the demonstrations,” he said.

   By blaming unrest on foreigners and foreign governments, analysts said,
   Beijing can whip up nationalist sentiments that weaken the protest
   movement.

   An estimated 43 protests across 22 Chinese cities unfolded between
   Saturday and Monday, according to the Canberra-based Australian
   Strategic Policy Institute, and some analysts say the protests have
   since spread to more cities and towns.

   China's leadership is trying to meet some protest demands to lift
   COVID-19 requirements such as lockdowns, mass testing and quarantines,
   and several locked-down areas and restaurants in the southern Chinese
   city of Guangzhou — a manufacturing hub hit hard by the latest COVID-19
   outbreaks — reopened Wednesday.

   “I believe that in the next few days most of the locked-down areas
   across China will be reopened,” Hu Xijin, former editor in chief of the
   Global Times and a strong Communist Party voice, said in a video
   statement on the paper’s website.

   Hu indicated this would likely be done to maintain social stability.
   “As lockdowns are coming to an end, the biggest factor for public
   discontent will be eliminated. It will have a very positive effect on
   maintaining social stability,” he said.

   Instead of using batons to keep protesters in line — a normal strategy
   for Chinese riot officers — police are busy identifying possible rebels
   and troublemakers and checking phones to find out whether they have
   been circulating protest images on virtual private networks and
   accessing banned sites such as Facebook and Twitter.

   Tuesday's statement by CPLAC said agency officials had emphasized that
   "political and legal organs must take effective measures to …
   resolutely safeguard national security and social stability."

   Will protests persist?

   Analysts differ on whether the protests — which are demanding
   democratic freedoms and an end to censorship — are likely to continue.

   “It is unlikely that there will be more large-scale protests in the
   near future,” Zhu said. “New policies are being rolled out to loosen
   COVID-19 controls. It is also expected that the ‘zero-COVID' policy
   will be replaced by more scientific and pragmatic measures,” he said.

   Others disagree.

   “More protests will emerge in different parts of China in the coming
   days, although the authorities may try to suppress them," said
   Jagannath Panda, head of the Stockholm Center for South Asian and
   Indo-Pacific affairs at the Institute for Security and Development
   Policy in Sweden. "The Communist Party’s image has taken a severe
   beating because of widespread unemployment and the government’s
   repression.”

   Salih Hudayar, an activist leader of the Uyghur Muslims of Xinjiang,
   said China might even use the military to suppress the protest
   movement. The suppression of Uyghurs has drawn the attention of human
   rights activists and several foreign governments.

   “The Chinese government has already started to crack down on the
   protests by intimidating protesters and arresting many of them,” said
   Hudayar, prime minister of the self-styled East Turkistan Government in
   Exile.

   “Because there is not any meaningful political support from the
   international community, it's highly likely that the Chinese government
   will use military force to suppress the protests in the coming weeks,
   if not days,” he said.

Related

     * Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out
       Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out

Protests in China Prompt Chinese Students in US to Speak Out
     * US Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests US
       Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests

US Senators Warn China Against Violent Crackdown on Protests
     * For China, No Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy For China, No
       Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy

For China, No Easy Way Out of 'Zero-COVID' Policy
     * Chinese Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests Chinese
       Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests

Chinese Users Play Cat-and-Mouse With Censors Amid Protests

Recommended

     * 52 Documentary Banner 52 Documentary Banner
       New series

52 Documentary

   Back to top

     * Follow Us
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
          +
     * United States
          + US News
          + Immigration
          + All About America
          + Silicon Valley &amp; Technology
     * World
          + Africa
          + The Americas
          + East Asia Pacific
          + Europe
          + Middle East
          + South &amp; Central Asia
     * Sections
          + VOA Programs
          + Special projects
          + Day in Photos
          + Press Freedom
          + Refugees
          + VOA News on Iran
          + VOA News on China
          + Arts &amp; Culture
          + Economy &amp; Business
          + Health
          + Extremism Watch
          + Student Union
          + VOA Connect
          + 52 Documentary
          + Videos
     * More From VOA
          + VOAAfrica.com Programs
          + VOA Learning English
          + Polygraph.info
          + Editorials
          + Satellite schedule
     * About this site
          + Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Notice
          + About VOA
          + Get VOA+
          + VOA Around the World
          + Contact VOA
          + Media Relations
          + Usage Requests
          + VOA Pronunciation Guide

   XS
   SM
   MD
   LG
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-29">
<text>

     * Business
     * California
     * Climate &amp; Environment
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * En Español
     * Food
     * Housing &amp; Homelessness
     * Image
     * Lifestyle
     * Obituaries
     * Opinion
     * Politics
     * Science
     * Sports
     * Travel &amp; Experiences
     * World &amp; Nation
     * All Sections
     * _________________
     * Newsletters
     * Photography
     * Podcasts
     * Video
     * _________________
     * About Us
       (BUTTON)
          + About Us
          + Archives
          + Company News
          + eNewspaper
          + For the Record
          + Got a Tip?
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + L.A. Times Store
          + LA Times Studios
          + News App: Apple IOS
          + News App: Google Play
          + Newsroom Directory
          + Public Affairs
          + Rights, Clearance &amp; Permissions
          + Short Docs
          + About Us
          + Archives
          + Company News
          + eNewspaper
          + For the Record
          + Got a Tip?
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + L.A. Times Store
          + LA Times Studios
          + News App: Apple IOS
          + News App: Google Play
          + Newsroom Directory
          + Public Affairs
          + Rights, Clearance &amp; Permissions
          + Short Docs
     * Advertising
       (BUTTON)
          + Place an Ad
          + Classifieds
          + Coupons
          + People on the Move
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Local Ads Marketplace
          + Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times?
          + Hot Property Sections
          + Place an Open House
          + Sotheby’s International Realty
          + Place an Ad
          + Classifieds
          + Coupons
          + People on the Move
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Local Ads Marketplace
          + Media Kit: Why the L.A. Times?
          + Hot Property Sections
          + Place an Open House
          + Sotheby’s International Realty
     * Bestcovery
     * B2B Publishing
     * Business Visionaries
     * Hot Property
     * Crossword &amp; Games
     * L.A. Times Events
     * L.A. Times Store
     * Subscriptions
       (BUTTON)
          + Manage Subscription
          + EZPAY
          + Delivery Issue
          + eNewspaper
          + Students &amp; Educators
          + Subscribe
          + Subscriber Terms
          + Gift Subscription Terms
          + Manage Subscription
          + EZPAY
          + Delivery Issue
          + eNewspaper
          + Students &amp; Educators
          + Subscribe
          + Subscriber Terms
          + Gift Subscription Terms
     * Special Supplements
       (BUTTON)
          + Best of the Southland
          + Healthy Living
          + Las Vegas Guide
          + Best of the Southland
          + Healthy Living
          + Las Vegas Guide

   Copyright © 2023, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
   | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell My Personal Information

   (BUTTON) Sections

     * California
     * Entertainment
     * Sports
     * Food
     * Climate
     * Image
     * Opinion
     * |
     * Bestcovery
     * Coupons
     * Crossword
     * eNewspaper

   (BUTTON) Show Search
   ____________________Search Query (BUTTON) Submit Search

   Advertisement

   World &amp; Nation

In rare attack on foreigner, U.S. aid worker shot dead in Baghdad

   Shiite Muslims demonstrate
   Shiite Muslims demonstrate over the U.S. airstrike that killed Iranian
   Revolutionary Guard Gen. Qassem Soleimani, in the posters, in Karbala,
   Iraq, Saturday, Jan. 4, 2020. There have been demonstrations against
   the U.S. in Iraq, but rarely have American aid workers been targeted.
   (Khalid Mohammed / Associated Press)
   By QASSIM ABDUL-ZAHRA
   Associated Press
   Nov. 7, 2022 3:07 PM PT
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Show more sharing options

   Share (BUTTON) Close extra sharing options
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Email
     * Copy Link URLCopied!
     * Print

   BAGHDAD —

   Assailants fatally shot an American aid worker Monday in a rare killing
   of a foreigner in the Iraqi capital in recent years, two police
   officials said.

   The man was shot in his car as he entered the street where he lives in
   Baghdad’s central Karada district on the east bank of the Tigris River
   but the reason for the killing was not immediately clear, they said.
   They said the man’s wife and child were in the car with him but were
   not hurt.
   Advertisement

   The officials said as the man drove down his street, a car cut him off
   and assailants in another car shot him. It was not immediately clear if
   the assailants were trying to kidnap the man, they said.

   State Department spokesman Ned Price told reporters that the department
   is aware of the reports of the killing of a U.S. aid worker in Baghdad
   and is looking into them. But, he said the department was not yet in a
   position to confirm the accounts of the death or that the person was a
   U.S. citizen.

   According to documents seen by the Associated Press, the man had been
   renting an apartment in Karada’s Wahda area since May last year.
   Advertisement

   No one immediately claimed responsibility for the killing.

   U.S. Embassy officials could not immediately provide any information
   about the case.

   Two security officials confirmed a U.S. citizen who worked for an
   international aid organization had been killed without giving his name.
   They said details were scarce but an investigation was underway. The
   officials spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.

   A medical worker at Sheikh Zayed Hospital, where the victim was taken,
   said he was dead on arrival.
   Advertisement

   Prime Minister Mohammed Sudani said he would form a committee
   comprising the Interior Ministry and various security agencies to
   “investigate the circumstances of the killing of an American citizen in
   the capital.”

   The streets of the middle class, mixed Christian and Muslim
   neighborhood where the victim reportedly lived were empty of residents
   but heavily patrolled by police Monday night.

   Such attacks against individuals in the Iraqi capital have been rare
   since the defeat of the Islamic State group in the country in 2017 but
   rockets are sometimes fired toward the U.S. Embassy.
   Advertisement

   In the early years that followed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003,
   such attacks were common. In 2004, two Americans were kidnapped in
   Baghdad and extremists later released videos showing their beheading.

   The attack came after Iraq’s new Cabinet headed by Sudani was given a
   vote of confidence by parliament in late October. Sudani was named by
   the Iran-backed Coordination Framework, composed largely of Shiite
   parties.

   Iraq held early elections more than a year ago in response to mass
   anti-government protests that began in October 2019 in Baghdad and
   spread across southern Iraq. Protesters called for the overhaul of the
   political system established after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion.
   Advertisement

   U.S.-led coalition forces recently ended their combat mission in Iraq
   but continue to play an advisory role to Iraqi forces in the fight
   against Islamic State.

   Associated Press writer Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this
   report.
     __________________________________________________________________

   World &amp; Nation

More From the Los Angeles Times

     * WASHINGTON, DC - DECEMBER 14: Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi
       (D-CA) poses for photos near her portrait following an unveiling
       ceremony in National Statuary Hall in the U.S. Capitol Building on
       Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2022 in Washington, DC. Pelosi's portrait is an
       oil painting on canvas and painted by Ronald Sherr, who also
       painted the portrait of former Speaker of the House John Boehner
       (R-OH). (Kent Nishimura / Los Angeles Times)
       Podcasts

The Times podcast: What losing Nancy Pelosi as leader means for Dems
     * FILE - Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., Chair of the House Armed
       Services Military Personnel Subcommittee, speaks during a news
       conference on Capitol Hill, Sept. 16, 2020, in Washington. Federal
       prison employees say they're being bullied and threatened for
       raising concerns about serious misconduct and claim it's indicative
       of widespread problems in the Bureau of Prisons. It comes as the
       bureau faces increased scrutiny over its latest scandal: An
       Associated Press investigation uncovered a toxic culture that
       enabled sexual abuse at a federal women’s prison in California.
       Four employees, including a former warden, have been charged with
       federal crimes. Speier, who visited Dublin last week after reading
       AP's investigation, says she’s taking a larger congressional
       contingent to inspect the prison after the acting warden, Hinkle,
       prevented her from speaking one-on-one with inmates and staff. (AP
       Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
       Politics

Column: California lawmaker who survived Jonestown, Jan. 6 reflects on Trump,
Jim Jones and Congress
     * Mourners carry the bodies of Samer Houshiyeh, 21, left, and Fouad
       Abed, 25, during their funeral in the West Bank city of Jenin,
       Monday, Jan. 2, 2023. The two men were killed in the village of
       Kafr Dan near the northern city of Jenin. The Israeli military said
       it entered Kafr Dan late Sunday to demolish the houses of two
       Palestinian gunmen who killed an Israeli soldier during a firefight
       in September. The military said troops came under heavy fire and
       fired back at the shooters. (AP Photo/Nasser Nasser)
       World &amp; Nation

Israeli army kills 2 Palestinians in latest bloodshed in occupied West Bank
     * Cars cross the Tienditas International Bridge in San Antonio,
       Tachira state, Venezuela, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2023. Colombia and
       Venezuela on Sunday opened the bridge that was finished in 2016 but
       never inaugurated because years of political tensions. (AP
       Photo/Ferley Ospina)
       World &amp; Nation

Key bridge linking Colombia and Venezuela opens as tensions ease

Subscribers Are Reading

     * Food
       For Subscribers

These are the 101 best restaurants in Los Angeles
     * Travel &amp; Experiences

You should take a solo trip in January. Here are 7 rejuvenating spots around
California
     * California

Miracle or mirage? Atmospheric rivers end California drought year with heavy
snow and rain
     * California

Lockdowns, shootings, prostitution. How a school fought a ‘crime magnet’
motel and won

   Advertisement

Latest World &amp; Nation

     * World &amp; Nation

Russia fires dozens of drones at Kyiv, which says all were destroyed
     * World &amp; Nation

Thousands flock to the Vatican to see former Pope Benedict XVI lying in state
     * World &amp; Nation

Helicopters collide over Australian beach, killing 4 passengers
     * World &amp; Nation

14 are killed, dozens escape in attack on Mexican prison near border
     * World &amp; Nation

Trump rings in 2023 facing headwinds in his White House run

   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   Advertisement
   (BUTTON)
   Advertisement

   A California Times publication

   Subscribe for unlimited access

   Follow Us
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Facebook

     *
          + eNewspaper
          + Coupons
          + Find/Post Jobs
          + Place an Ad
          + Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
          + Bestcovery
     *
          + Crossword
          + Obituaries
          + Recipes
          + L.A. Times Compare
          + L.A. Times Store
          + Wine Club
     *
          + About/Contact
          + For the Record
          + L.A. Times Careers
          + Manage Subscription
          + Reprints and Permissions
          + Site Map

   Copyright © 2023, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
   | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-3">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC Homepage
     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

     * Your account

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * More menu

   More menu
   Search BBC
     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

   (BUTTON) Close menu
   BBC News

   Menu
     * Home
     * War in Ukraine
     * Coronavirus
     * Climate
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science

   More
     * Stories
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Reality Check
     * Newsbeat
     * Long Reads

     * Asia
     * China
     * India

Japan to lift restrictions on foreign tourists

     * Published
       23 September 2022

   (BUTTON) Share
   (BUTTON) close panel
   Share page
   (BUTTON) Copy link
   About sharing
   Related Topics
     * Coronavirus pandemic

   A crowd of pedestrians cross Tokyo's central Shibuya crossing Image
   source, Getty Images
   Image caption,
   Foreigners will be able to holiday in Japan again from October
   By Frances Mao
   BBC News

   Japan will open its doors back up to foreign tourists, after more than
   two years of closed borders due to the Covid pandemic.

   Tourists will be able to visit the country without a visa, and will no
   longer need to go through a travel agency, from 11 October.

   A cap on daily arrivals will also be lifted.

   Japan's announcement comes at around the same time Taiwan and Hong Kong
   also relaxed entry rules for visitors.

   Taiwan will drop quarantine requirements for international arrivals by
   mid-October, while Hong Kong on Friday said it would move from hotel
   quarantine to stay-at-home requirements from 26 September.

   For Japan, the anticipated influx of travellers will be a welcome boost
   to government and local businesses, and comes as the Japanese yen has
   slid to its slowest point against the US dollar in six months.

   "Japan will relax border control measures to be on par with the US,"
   said Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

   The country has allowed visitors since June, but they had to be part of
   tours.

   Mr Kishida also announced a domestic travel incentive scheme that will
   give discounts on travel, theme park prices, sporting events and
   concerts. Japanese residents and citizens will be eligible for a 11,000
   yen (£69; $77) subsidy.

   Similar programmes have been introduced in other countries' re-openings
   to encourage locals to spend and stimulate the economy. However, like
   elsewhere, the rise in cost of living has been a dominant concern for
   locals.

   The world's third-largest economy was one of the last Asian powerhouses
   to keep its borders closed due to Covid health concerns.

   Its death rate is the lowest among the world's wealthiest nations,
   while the country's vaccination rate is among the highest.

   Japan also never mandated lockdowns or mask wearing, but many locals
   readily adopted protections.

   Japan saw nearly 32 million foreigners visit in 2019, the last year
   prior to the pandemic. And the restrictions on travellers in recent
   months had precluded many foreigners from visiting, reports showed.

More on this story

     * Japan may relax travel restrictions to boost yen
          + 12 September 2022
       Young man at Akihabara electric town, street view, Tokyo, Japan.
     * Japan reopens to tourists but with strict rules
          + 10 June 2022
       Visitors at the Sensoji Temple in Tokyo.
     * Cost of living: The shock of rising prices in Japan
          + 9 June 2022
       Japanese shoppers

Related Topics

     * Japan
     * Coronavirus pandemic

Top Stories

     * Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
          + Published
            1 hour ago
     * Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
          + Published
            2 hours ago
     * 'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
          + Published
            3 hours ago

Features

     * The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
       Lisa and Robert Opala
     * The Moon hoax that fooled the world. VideoThe Moon hoax that fooled
       the world
       The Moon lit up by the Sun
     * Sound Of 2023: Cat Burns writing songs to help fans
       Cat Burns
     *
     * 'My autism made me an artist but I wanted a family'
       David Downes
     * Could this be the world’s tallest man?
       Sulemana Abdul Samed
     * Surfer creates eco-haven with ancient knowhow
       Javier Lijo holds up a cocoa pod
     * World celebrates arrival of 2023
       A person wears 2023 glasses during New Year celebrations in Times
       Square during the first New Year's Eve event without restrictions
       since the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in the Manhattan
       borough of New York City, New York,
     * NYE in Putin’s Russia - nothing is normal
       President Putin surrounded by troops during his New Year's address
     * Why pleasure is key to losing weight
       Female runner

Elsewhere on the BBC

     * The most unlikely TV hit ever?
       Men Digging
     * Which protein is most climate-friendly?
       Woman Eating Burger
     * The railway that forever changed the US
       Drawing of Train in Mountains

Most Read

    1. 1
       Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
    2. 2
       'I want my father and brother back' - Prince Harry
    3. 3
       Could this be the world’s tallest man?
    4. 4
       'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
    5. 5
       Jeremy Renner in hospital after snow plough accident
    6. 6
       Croatia begins new euro and Schengen zone era
    7. 7
       Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
    8. 8
       The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
    9. 9
       Race to free Vietnamese boy stuck in shaft
   10. 10
       Cruise passengers stranded over ship marine growth

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On smart speakers
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Get Personalised Newsletters
     * Why you can trust the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info

   © 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external
   sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-30">
<text>


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-T6C76B8

   TheMayor.EU logo TheMayor.EU logo
   Get involved (BUTTON) search button (BUTTON) nav button
     * Аbout us (BUTTON) megamenu button
          + (BUTTON) Back
          + What we do
          + Team
          + Partners
          + Contacts
     * Growing City
     * Smart City
     * Green City
     * Social City
     * New European Bauhaus
     * Mayor of Europe™
     * Interviews
     * European projects

   (BUTTON) menu close

What we do

Team

Partners

Contacts

   (BUTTON) menu close

Development

   See all
   image
   Development

TheMayor.EU in 2022: Our year in review

   A look back at our most important initiatives and achievements this
   past 12 months
   Dec 25, 2022 10:00
   image
   Culture and Tourism / Development

UNWTO names its 2022 Best Tourism Villages, and ten are in the EU

   This highlights Europe’s premier attractiveness for rural tourism
   Dec 21, 2022 13:55

Economy and Finance

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Brussels / Economy and Finance / Mobility

EIB wants to make public transport in Brussels more attractive than cars

   The massive 475-million-euro investment will renovate and strengthen
   the Good Move mobility plan
   Dec 21, 2022 14:57
   image
   Austria / Economy and Finance / Politics and Reforms

Landlords will not be able to pass brokerage fees to tenants in Austria’s
Vorarlberg

   This can save would-be renters up to two months in rent and make moving
   into a new home much more affordable
   Dec 19, 2022 12:00

Politics and Reforms

   See all
   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   The new regulations will lead to more recycled materials and officials
   plan for more in 2025 and 2030
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   (BUTTON) menu close

Innovation and Research

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   image
   Sweden / Innovation and Research / Social City

Sweden’s first food delivery by drone takes place in rural Stockholm County

   For two weeks, as an experiment, the residents of Gräddö and Tjockö are
   getting their groceries brought in by the flying devices
   Dec 23, 2022 09:57

Digital transformation

   See all
   image
   Finland / Digital transformation

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   The experiment is the first of its kind in the world and it aims to
   bring the news to island villages
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   image
   Germany / Bergamo / Digital transformation / Mobility

Berlin wants to reactivate its inland ports with new mobility strategy

   The city also plans to boost parking zones for loading and deliveries,
   as well as for people with disabilities, at the expense of those for
   regular cars
   Dec 21, 2022 12:26
   (BUTTON) menu close

Energy efficiency

   See all
   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   image
   Denmark / Energy efficiency

Did you know that a Christmas tree can power two hot showers?

   The Danish District Heating company has some advice for residents on
   how to recycle the holiday firs
   Dec 30, 2022 13:13

Mobility

   See all
   image
   Romania / Culture and Tourism / Mobility

Romanian city expands its airports to boost municipal airline

   Oradea’s Terminal 1 will open in 2023 to handle 800 passengers per hour
   Dec 29, 2022 17:06
   image
   Germany / Mobility / Public Spaces

German cities to remove low-emissions zones – the air has gotten better

   In some municipalities, low-emissions zones have been in force for the
   past 14 years
   Dec 29, 2022 12:06

Public Spaces

   See all
   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   (BUTTON) menu close

Culture and Tourism

   See all
   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   image
   Spain / Culture and Tourism

One of Europe’s oldest civil holidays takes place on 31 December in Palma de
Mallorca

   Probably, you haven’t heard of the Festa de l’Estandard, but it’s time
   to change that
   Dec 30, 2022 15:58

Education and Sport

   See all
   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   image
   Finland / Vantaa / Education and Sport / Public Spaces

This Finnish city will allow burkini in the public pools

   Vantaa has also given the green light to swimming shorts, so the
   wardrobe options to pool users have definitely expanded a great deal
   Dec 13, 2022 17:54

Welfare and Health

   See all
   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   image
   Greece / Athens / Welfare and Health

Athens: free holiday haircuts for the homeless

   Mayor Kostas Bakoyannis believes that this is a way to give dignity
   back to the vulnerable, a core of local social services
   Dec 28, 2022 13:00
   (BUTTON) menu close
   image
   Bulgaria / Interviews / Read Twice

Veni Markovski: It's about time the media stopped inviting “experts” who
spread false info

   Nov 28, 2022 11:30
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Netherlands / Utrecht / Green City / Interviews

Sharon Dijksma: Without cities, it will be impossible to tackle global
warming

   Nov 21, 2022 13:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Vasco Cordeiro: The European project is at stake when solidarity is at stake

   Aug 1, 2022 11:34
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Interviews

Cities Mission has made citizen engagement and participatory processes an
important part of its functioning

   Jul 14, 2022 14:57
   ICLEI Europe
   image
   Portugal / Matosinhos / Interviews

Luisa Salgueiro: Climate resilience work is never completed, it’s a
continuously upgraded project

   Jun 23, 2022 12:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews

EBRD's aim is to support increased climate ambition within cities

   May 18, 2022 13:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Greece / Athens / Interviews / Welfare and Health

Melina Daskalaki: Our mission is to promote the social reintegration of
homeless individuals

   May 16, 2022 11:04
   Svilena Iotkovska
   image
   Sweden / Interviews

Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh: Malmö Resilience Hub will have the potential to
connect cities on the Baltic Sea

   May 11, 2022 15:26
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Bulgaria / Blagoevgrad / Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Ilko Stoyanov: Municipalities face the brunt of global crises

   Apr 28, 2022 10:43
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Portugal / Matosinhos / Interviews / New European Bauhaus

Catarina Selada on the first-ever platform that assigns credits for saved
carbon emissions

   Apr 26, 2022 13:25
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   (BUTTON) Search

Search

   Search input ____________________
   (BUTTON) menu search submit
   Home

Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning property
there

     * en

     * Spain
     * Development

     * --
     * Share:
       facebook
       twitter
       linkedin

   image
   1

   The Balearics' Mediterranean climate is a high selling point in its
   housing market, Source: Unsplash
   2 min read
   2022-12-05 16:57:55 (Last edit 2022-12-05 17:01:13)
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning property
there

   Balearic Islands government may restrict foreigners from owning
   property there

   One-third of homes on the islands this year were sold to nationals of
   other countries, many of whom are non-residents

   Last week, the regional government of the Balearic Islands decided to
   create a working group, which will have the task of studying the legal
   possibility of limiting the purchasing powers of foreign nationals in
   the housing market there. The reason behind this drastic move is the
   fact that high purchasing incidence from foreign buyers is driving the
   price of housing often beyond the reach of locals.

   Banning the outright purchase of properties by EU nationals, however,
   would likely be impossible as it would clash with EU legislation, the
   rules of the common market and the freedom of movement of people and
   capital.

   The group is already working on the preparation of an initial report on
   the current European regulatory situation, which prevents the
   limitation of the purchase of properties by foreigners from states of
   the European Union.

   From now on, the group will analyze the existing experiences in the
   European sphere and the international community to draw conclusions
   applicable to the situation of the Islands. Apparently, there’s already
   precedence in the case of Denmark, but this exclusion had been
   specifically written into its EU-accession treaty. The initiative
   called for the report to be delivered in one year.

The islands’ attractiveness is the cause of its housing crisis, too

   Without a doubt, the Balearic Archipelago is very attractive for buyers
   of other nationalities, either as a second residence or as
   an investment. The dean of the Association of Registrars of the
   Balearic Islands, José Luis Jiménez-Herrera, explained to Ultima Hora,
   that the sunny climate, as well as good transport connections and legal
   certainty, are some of the main attractions of this Spanish region.

   So much so that this year alone, 35.1% of the housing units on offer in
   the Balearics were snatched up by non-Spanish nationals. This makes the
   archipelago, the Spanish region with the highest percentage of property
   sales to citizens of other countries. For comparison, the national
   average sits at 14.14%.

   The main buyers are predominantly from northern Europe – British,
   Germans and Scandinavians. What’s more, many of them buy the units
   without having to resort to mortgages.

Newsletter

   Your e-mail
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit Loading
   Back

Growing City

   All
     * en

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Spain / Barcelona / Growing City

Rent in Barcelona has grown over 50% in less than a decade

   The Catalan capital is the most expensive Spanish city in terms of
   property – both for renting and for buying
   Dec 29, 2022 17:18
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   The new regulations will lead to more recycled materials and officials
   plan for more in 2025 and 2030
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   Denis Balgaranov

Smart City

   All
     * en

   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   According to the city, the normal curriculum could be boring or even
   stressful for cognitively gifted kids
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Finland / Digital transformation

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   The experiment is the first of its kind in the world and it aims to
   bring the news to island villages
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Sweden / Innovation and Research / Social City

Sweden’s first food delivery by drone takes place in rural Stockholm County

   For two weeks, as an experiment, the residents of Gräddö and Tjockö are
   getting their groceries brought in by the flying devices
   Dec 23, 2022 09:57
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Green City

   All
     * en

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   The law applies to housing, commercial and industrial buildings
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Social City

   All
     * en

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   If you’re in the Spanish capital on 3 and 4 January, then head to the
   Sabatini Gardens to experience awe
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Estonia / Social City

Estonian citizens will be able to pick their passports from supermarkets

   The new service will be available in the retail sector following an
   agreement with the Ministry of Interior of Estonia
   Dec 30, 2022 16:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   The city has partnered up with a hotline, to offer people someone to
   talk to on their way home
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

New European Bauhaus

   All
     * en

   image
   New European Bauhaus

Apply for the New European Bauhaus Prizes, and win up to 30 000 euros

   The 2023 edition of the creative initiative promises to be bigger,
   bolder and more inclusive
   Dec 19, 2022 15:47
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   Spain / Green City / New European Bauhaus

Zaragoza to go a step further with climate transformation, as part of CrAFt
Cities club

   This initiative seeks to integrate the values of the New European
   Bauhaus into the European Commission’s 100 Cities Mission
   Nov 01, 2022 16:52
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
     * en

   image
   New European Bauhaus

New European Bauhaus now has 5 lighthouse demonstrators

   These will be spread across 11 EU countries and will serve to support
   the EU Missions
   May 12, 2022 17:35
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Interviews

   All
   image
   Bulgaria / Interviews / Read Twice

Veni Markovski: It's about time the media stopped inviting “experts” who
spread false info

   Veni Markovski’s take on dealing with disinformation in the European
   Union's poorest country – Bulgaria
   Nov 28, 2022 11:30
   Denis Balgaranov
   image
   Netherlands / Utrecht / Green City / Interviews

Sharon Dijksma: Without cities, it will be impossible to tackle global
warming

   A conversation with the mayor of Utrecht on the occasion of her mission
   to COP27
   Nov 21, 2022 13:41
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov
   image
   Interviews / Politics and Reforms

Vasco Cordeiro: The European project is at stake when solidarity is at stake

   A conversation with the President of the European Committee of the
   Regions, about energy, climate change and the underrated importance of
   cohesion policy
   Aug 01, 2022 11:34
   Denis Balgaranov

   ECP 2021 Winner TheMayorEU

Latest

   image
   Spain / Madrid / Culture and Tourism / Public Spaces
   Dec 30, 2022 17:17
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Madrid may not have snow, but it will begin the new year with a unique show

   image
   Germany / Berlin / Energy efficiency / Politics and Reforms
   Dec 30, 2022 17:08
   Denis Balgaranov

Solar roofs will be mandatory in Berlin starting in 2023

   image
   Estonia / Social City
   Dec 30, 2022 16:33
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Estonian citizens will be able to pick their passports from supermarkets

   image
   Germany / Public Spaces / Welfare and Health
   Dec 30, 2022 16:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Wiesbaden stands up against fear on the way home

   image
   Spain / Culture and Tourism
   Dec 30, 2022 15:58
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

One of Europe’s oldest civil holidays takes place on 31 December in Palma de
Mallorca

   image
   Belgium / Leuven / Education and Sport / Innovation and Research
   Dec 30, 2022 14:32
   Denis Balgaranov

Leuven funds new ideas for fast learning kids in schools

   image
   Denmark / Energy efficiency
   Dec 30, 2022 13:13
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Did you know that a Christmas tree can power two hot showers?

   image
   Austria / Vienna / Culture and Tourism
   Dec 30, 2022 12:11
   Denis Balgaranov

Vienna Philharmonic New Year Concert 2023 – broadcast to over 90 countries

   image
   Finland / Energy efficiency
   Dec 29, 2022 17:53
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Finnish company plans to start extracting uranium, in a first for Europe

   image
   Spain / Barcelona / Growing City
   Dec 29, 2022 17:18
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Rent in Barcelona has grown over 50% in less than a decade

   image
   Romania / Culture and Tourism / Mobility
   Dec 29, 2022 17:06
   Denis Balgaranov

Romanian city expands its airports to boost municipal airline

   image
   Austria / Green City / Politics and Reforms
   Dec 29, 2022 14:47
   Denis Balgaranov

Unified recycling plan for Austria in 2023 and less waste due to inflation

   image
   Finland / Digital transformation
   Dec 29, 2022 14:46
   Tzvetozar Vincent Iolov

Finland to deliver newspapers by drone

   image
   Germany / Mobility / Public Spaces
   Dec 29, 2022 12:06
   Denis Balgaranov

German cities to remove low-emissions zones – the air has gotten better

   image
   Bulgaria / Energy efficiency / Mobility
   Dec 28, 2022 17:00
   Denis Balgaranov

Burgas – Bulgaria’s possible EV charging hub on the Black Sea

Newsletter

   Your email
   ____________________
   Receive the latest news from the EU municipalities in your inbox.
   (BUTTON) Submit Loading
   facebook twitter linkedin instagram
   RSS

Аbout us

     * What we do
     * Team
     * Contacts

Growing City

     * Economy and Finance
     * Politics and Reforms
     * Development

Smart City

     * Digital transformation
     * Innovation and Research

Social City

     * Culture and Tourism
     * Education and Sport
     * Welfare and Health

Green City

     * Mobility
     * Public Spaces
     * Energy efficiency

   © 2023
   Contacts
   FAQs
   Terms and Conditions
   Privacy Policy
   Advertising and Sponsored Content
   Image credits: Depositphotos
   By: StudioX
   (BUTTON) Go to top
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-31">
<text>
   The new PMC design is here! Learn more about navigating our updated
   article layout. The PMC legacy view will also be available for a
   limited time.
   (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON) Back to Top Skip to main content

   U.S. flag

   An official website of the United States government
   (BUTTON) Here's how you know
   Dot gov

   The .gov means it’s official.
   Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing
   sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
   Https

   The site is secure.
   The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website
   and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted
   securely.

   NIH NLM Logo
   Log in (BUTTON) Show account info
   (BUTTON) Close

Account

   Logged in as:
   username
     * Dashboard
     * Publications
     * Account settings
     * Log out

   Access keys NCBI Homepage MyNCBI Homepage Main Content Main Navigation

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   Search PMC Full-Text Archive ____________________ (BUTTON) Search in
   PMC
   (BUTTON) Run this search in PubMed
     * Advanced Search
     * User Guide

   (BUTTON)

     * Journal List
     * HHS Author Manuscripts
     * PMC3092701

Other Formats

     * PubReader
     * PDF (341K)

Actions

     * (BUTTON) Cite
     * Favorites

Share

     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
       Permalink
       https://www.ncbi.nlm (BUTTON) Copy

RESOURCES

     * (BUTTON) Similar articles
     * (BUTTON) Cited by other articles
     * (BUTTON) Links to NCBI Databases

     * Journal List
     * HHS Author Manuscripts
     * PMC3092701

   Logo of nihpa

   J Soc Clin Psychol. Author manuscript; available in PMC 2011 May 11.
   Published in final edited form as:
   J Soc Clin Psychol. 2011; 30(2): 133-162.
   doi: 10.1521/jscp.2011.30.2.133
   PMCID: PMC3092701
   NIHMSID: NIHMS287138
   PMID: 21572896

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER IN ONE'S OWN LAND: POTENTIAL IMPLICATIONS FOR IDENTITY
AND PSYCHOLOGICAL ADJUSTMENT

   QUE-LAM HUYNH, THIERRY DEVOS, and LAURA SMALARZ

QUE-LAM HUYNH

   San Diego State University
   Find articles by QUE-LAM HUYNH

THIERRY DEVOS

   San Diego State University
   Find articles by THIERRY DEVOS

LAURA SMALARZ

   Iowa State University
   Find articles by LAURA SMALARZ
   Author information Copyright and License information Disclaimer
   QUE-LAM HUYNH, San Diego State University;
   Contributor Information.
   Address correspondence to Que-Lam Huynh, Department of Psychology, San
   Diego State University, 5500 Campanile Drive, San Diego, CA 92182-4611;
   moc.liamg@maleuq.hnyuh
   Copyright notice
   The publisher's final edited version of this article is available free
   at J Soc Clin Psychol

Abstract

   The perpetual foreigner stereotype posits that members of ethnic
   minorities will always be seen as the "other" in the White Anglo-Saxon
   dominant society of the United States (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005), which may
   have negative implications for them. The goal of the present research
   was to determine whether awareness of this perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts identity and psychological adjustment. We conducted
   a series of studies with 231 Asian Americans and 211 Latino/as (Study
   1), 89 African Americans (Study 2), and 56 Asian Americans and 165
   Latino/as (Study 3). All participants completed measures of perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of belonging to
   American culture, and demographics. In Study 3, participants also
   completed measures of psychological adjustment: depression, hope, and
   life satisfaction. All participants were students at a large, public
   university on the West Coast of the United States. Across studies, we
   found that even after controlling for perceived discrimination,
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant
   predictor of identity conflict and lower sense of belonging to American
   culture. From Study 3, we also found that, above and beyond perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   significantly predicted lower hope and life satisfaction for Asian
   Americans, and that it was a marginal predictor of greater depression
   for Latino/as. These results suggest that the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype may play a role in ethnic minority identity and adjustment.

   "Where are you from?" This benign question is commonly asked during
   social interactions, and the answer often leads to interesting
   conversations with strangers or acquaintances. But what if an answer
   like "Lincoln, Nebraska," "Baltimore, Maryland," or "Modesto,
   California" does not suffice for the questioner? Indeed, ethnic
   minorities, especially Asian Americans and Latino/as, are often asked
   follow-up questions like, "No, where are you really from?" or "I meant,
   where are you originally from?" (Liang, Li, &amp; Kim, 2004; Sue,
   Capodilupo et al., 2007). At least under some circumstances,
   experiences such as these may be perceived by some ethnic minorities as
   a message that they do not share the American identity or have in-group
   status; therefore, these experiences may have negative implications for
   their identity and adjustment. Thus, in a series of three studies
   involving three major American ethnic minority groups, we sought to
   demonstrate that members of ethnic minorities are aware of this
   perpetual foreigner stereotype (Cheryan &amp; Monin, 2005; Devos &amp; Banaji,
   2005), and this awareness is linked to their sense of belonging to
   American society, sense of conflict between ethnic and national
   identities, and psychological adjustment.

THE PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE

   Although the United States is historically an immigrant nation with an
   ethnically and culturally diverse population, members of ethnic
   minority groups are often innocuously denied the American identity and
   treated as if they were perpetual foreigners." This especially is
   evident in recent research that shows an overwhelming propensity to
   more readily ascribe the American identity to European Americans rather
   than to ethnic minorities (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Devos, Gavin, &amp;
   Quintana, 2010; Devos &amp; Heng, 2009; Devos &amp; Ma, 2008; Rydell, Hamilton,
   &amp; Devos, 2010). Even when ethnic minorities are explicitly judged to be
   American, implicitly, in the minds of both European Americans and some
   ethnic minorities (Asian Americans and Latino/as), being "American" is
   equated with being White.

   The assumption that ethnic minorities do not fit the definition of what
   it means to be American may manifest itself in subtle, covert
   marginalizing incidents, such as questioning an individual's home-town,
   complimenting his/her command of the English language, or mistaking
   him/her as a foreigner (Liang et al., 2004). These behaviors comprise a
   contemporary form of racism called racial microaggression, whereby
   racism is disguised in supposedly benign behaviors and comments (e.g.,
   Where are you from?) that convey strong messages of exclusion and
   inferiority (Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007). Even when the intent of
   perpetrators, who can be of any ethnic or racial group, is not
   malicious or racially motivated, it is in these seemingly harmless
   occurrences that ethnic minorities are told that they are somehow less
   American than European Americans.

   Research on the extent to which ethnic minorities are aware of being
   stereotyped as foreigners is limited. In a study on identity denial, or
   the acceptance threat that results when an individual who does not
   match the prototype of an in-group sees his/her identity called into
   question or unrecognized by fellow group members, Asian Americans were
   indeed aware of being denied the American identity by others despite
   the fact that they feel just as American as European Americans (Cheryan
   &amp; Monin, 2005). The study also identified situations of identity denial
   in everyday interactions for Asian Americans and Latino/as, who
   reported being misperceived as being from another country or a
   nonnative English speaker significantly more often than European
   Americans. Similarly, African American and Cuban American women
   reported feeling excluded from the national category by European
   Americans (Barlow, Taylor, &amp; Lambert, 2000). Although these experiences
   may be qualitatively different for Asian Americans and Latino/as (who
   are likely to be mistaken as immigrants when they are native-born) than
   for African Americans (who are likely to experience other forms
   exclusion from the American identity as a result of the "exclusionary
   patriotism" discussed below; Sidanius &amp; Petrocik, 2001), these findings
   suggest that overall, ethnic minorities are aware that they are
   perceived as less American and, in some cases, more foreign than
   European Americans.

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE AND IDENTITY

   Although the denial of ethnic minorities' American identity is a
   phenomenon that has been identified in the literature (e.g., Cheryan &amp;
   Monin, 2005; Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007), the
   link, if any, between awareness of this perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   identity, and psychological adjustment has not been directly examined.
   In terms of identity, Cheryan and Monin (2005) found that identity
   denial impacted Asian Americans' everyday behavior, especially when
   they felt that their American identity was in question. In response to
   identity threat, they used identity assertion techniques, such as
   demonstrating awareness of popular American culture and engaging more
   in American practices to assert their American identity. In Barlow et
   al.'s (2000) study with African American women, feelings of exclusion
   from the national identity by European Americans were related to how
   African American women perceive their own group, such that those who
   felt more excluded held more pessimistic views of the economic and
   social position of African Americans, regardless of their actual
   socioeconomic status. Researchers have also identified a significant
   and negative correlation between perceived prejudice and negative
   self-concept among Japanese Americans, suggesting that the more this
   minority group was aware of negative prejudice against them, the more
   negatively they viewed themselves (Asamen &amp; Berry, 1987). These
   findings all indicate a potential link between how an individual
   believes he/she is perceived by others and his/her own perception of
   the self. In the present research, we were particularly interested in
   the association between awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and subjective reports of conflict between one's ethnic and national
   identities, as well as feelings of belonging to mainstream American
   culture.

Conflict Between Ethnic and National Identities

   If minority groups are, to some extent, cognizant that they are
   psychologically denied the American identity, we expect that the
   awareness of being perceived as a foreigner may account for subjective
   reports of internal conflict between their ethnic and national
   identities. Benet-Martinez and Haritatos's (2005) work on bicultural
   identity integration indicated that some bicultural individuals have
   difficulty incorporating their national and ethnic cultures into a
   cohesive sense of self. These bicultural individuals were also
   particularly sensitive to specific tensions between their national and
   ethnic cultural orientations and saw this incompatibility as a source
   of internal conflict. If ethnic minorities are continually excluded
   from the national identity and reminded that they do not typify what it
   means to be American, it would be expected that they experience some
   degree of internal conflict.

   Research on the perceived interrelations between multiple social
   identities and social identity complexity theory suggests that the less
   a person perceives the different groups to which he/she belongs as
   being similar to each other, the more complex his or her social
   identity will be (Roccas &amp; Brewer, 2002). When multiple group
   identities are not convergent, they may become conflicting or even
   competing, such that the individual feels he/she must choose between
   one identity or another. In the case of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype, individuals whose American identity is often called into
   question may conclude that they are not perceived as being as American
   as European Americans. Thus, we hypothesized that one's awareness of
   being perceived by others as a foreigner would predict one's sense of
   conflict between ethnic and national identities.

Sense of Belonging in America

   Additionally, we investigated whether awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype is associated with feelings of belonging in
   America. A study of ethnic and American identity among ethnic minority
   adolescents suggested that many feel as if American or mainstream
   culture generally means White and thus does not include them (Phinney,
   Cantu, &amp; Kurtz, 1997). According to this research, American identity is
   likely to be associated with a heightened sense of belonging to the
   White majority for European Americans. Conversely, it can be expected
   that membership in an ethnic minority group is associated with a
   relatively lowered sense of belonging to the mainstream culture. Such
   seems to be the case in research based on social dominance theory
   (Sidanius, Feshbach, Levin, &amp; Pratto, 1997), which suggests that
   belongingness to the nation as a whole is more strongly and positively
   associated with membership in the dominant ethnic group and less
   strongly associated with membership in subordinate ethnic groups.
   Simply being a member of an ethnic minority seems to entail a certain
   degree of exclusion from the national identity, potentially
   contributing to feelings of marginalization and a decreased sense of
   belonging to mainstream America.

   Further evidence for ethnic minorities' relative lack of sense of
   belonging in America may be seen in research on national attachment, in
   which European Americans reported the greatest amount of patriotism and
   nationalism compared to Asian Americans, Latino/as, and African
   Americans (Sidanius et al., 1997). Minorities' relative lack of
   patriotism (defined as a love for one's country and its major symbols)
   and nationalism (the desire for the dominance of one's own nation over
   others) may be attributable to the "exclusionary patriotism" that
   emerges in a multiethnic society (Sidanius &amp; Petrocik, 2001). According
   to this perspective, the socially dominant group is more identified
   with the nation's symbols and public institutions, which may lead to
   questions like "Where are you really from?" directed at visible
   minorities in various countries around the world where there is an
   immigrant or ethnic minority population. In the United States, this
   unequal association between that which is American and different ethnic
   groups may contribute to and perpetuate the exclusion of ethnic
   minorities from the national identity. If one group enjoys a greater
   sense of identification with the mainstream culture, then other groups
   who do not fit the majority picture can be expected to feel excluded or
   marginalized from this identity. Thus, based on the above concurrent
   findings on sense of belonging and national attachment, we expected
   individuals who feel frequently reminded of their perpetual foreigner
   status and consequently psychologically denied the American identity to
   feel marginalized from mainstream American society and to experience a
   lessened sense of belonging to the national identity. In other words,
   we hypothesized that an individual's sense of belonging to mainstream
   American culture would be predicted by his/her awareness of being
   perceived as a foreigner.

PERPETUAL FOREIGNER STEREOTYPE AND PSYCHOLOGICAL ADJUSTMENT

   In addition to the relations with identity, we were also interested in
   the association between awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and psychological adjustment, including mental health (depression) and
   well-being (hope and life satisfaction). Previous research suggests
   that subtle forms of racism, such as racial micro-aggressions and the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype, may be detrimental to victims'
   psychological health, like old-fashioned, overt racism (Sue,
   Capodilupo, et al., 2007). For example, targets of racial
   microaggressions report experiencing anxiety, stress, helplessness,
   academic disengagement, anger, and frustration (Smith, Allen, &amp; Danley,
   2007; Solorzano, Ceja, &amp; Yosso, 2000). The perpetual foreigner
   stereotype is particularly salient for Asian Americans, for whom being
   treated as an alien in one's own land is associated with feelings of
   inferiority, discomfort, and isolation (Sue, Bucceri, Lin, Nadal, &amp;
   Torino, 2007). Although the above studies provide a rich and detailed
   understanding of racial microaggressions, including the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype, they are all purely qualitative in nature and
   restricted to one ethnic group. In the current set of quantitative
   studies, we hypothesized that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype will predict higher levels of depression and lower levels of
   hope and life satisfaction for both Latino/as and Asian Americans
   (Study 3, which does not include African American participants). These
   adjustment variables, which include psychological symptoms and positive
   functioning, have been the focus of much research on perceived
   discrimination (e.g., Klonoff &amp; Landrine, 1999; Neto, 2001; discussed
   below), so they were chosen to provide evidence of incremental validity
   for the perpetual foreigner stereotype construct.

THE ROLE OF PERCEIVED DISCRIMINATION

   When studying identity and psychological adjustment among ethnic
   minorities, it is important also to consider the role played by
   perceived discrimination. It could be said that perceived
   discrimination, as it is typically measured, refers to a more blatant
   form of discrimination than the perpetual foreigner stereotype, which
   constitutes a more subtle form of discrimination (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005;
   Sue, Capodilupo, et al., 2007). Experiences with both forms of
   discrimination may have negative implications for ethnic minorities,
   and they may independently account for the identity and psychological
   outcomes of interest. For example, with regard to identity, a study on
   Chinese Americans found that perceived discrimination predicts a
   greater sense of conflict between one's ethnic and national identities
   (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005). Furthermore, perceived
   discrimination is related to a lower sense of belonging among Latino/a
   college students (Levin, Van Laar, &amp; Foote, 2006). Previous research
   has also found consistent and moderate associations between perceived
   discrimination and psychological maladjustment. For example, perceived
   discrimination predicts distress symptoms, such as depression and
   anxiety, for African American adults (Klonoff &amp; Landrine, 1999;
   Klonoff, Landrine, &amp; Ullman, 1999; Pieterse &amp; Carter, 2007). Perceived
   discrimination is also related to higher depression, anxiety, and
   psychosomatic symptoms for Vietnamese adolescents in Finland (Liebkind,
   Jasinskaja-Lahti, &amp; Solheim, 2004) and Latino/a adolescents in the
   United States (Smokowski &amp; Bacallao, 2007). In addition, perceived
   discrimination has been theorized to be related to lowered hope (Adams
   et al., 2003), and it has been found to be related to lowered life
   satisfaction for immigrants in several different settlement countries
   (e.g., Neto, 2001; Sam, 2001; Vohra &amp; Adair, 2000). Based on these
   findings, we expected that perceived discrimination would be related to
   identity and psychological adjustment, but we hypothesized that the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype would predict identity and psychological
   adjustment above and beyond perceived discrimination.

THE CURRENT STUDIES

   The goals of the current studies were two-fold: (1) to examine the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype and perceived discrimination in
   different ethnic minority groups, and (2) to determine the potential
   implications of the perpetual foreigner stereotype for individuals'
   identity and psychological adjustment. Specifically, we hypothesized
   that exposure to the perpetual foreigner stereotype and discrimination
   would be a more common experience for ethnic minorities than for
   European Americans, such that Asian Americans, Latino/as, and African
   Americans would report both higher awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype and higher perceived discrimination as compared to European
   Americans. Moreover, after controlling for the effects of perceived
   discrimination, the perpetual foreigner stereotype should predict (a) a
   greater sense of conflict between one's ethnic and national identities,
   (b) a lower sense of belonging to mainstream American society, (c)
   higher levels of depression symptoms, (d) lower levels of hope, and (e)
   lower levels of life satisfaction among ethnic minorities. We tested
   the first hypothesis about awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype using data from Asian Americans (Studies 1 and 3), Latino/as
   (Studies 1 and 3), and African Americans (Study 2); hypotheses about
   the potential implications of the stereotype on identity using data
   from all three ethnic minority groups (Studies 1 and 2); and hypotheses
   about the potential implications of the stereotype on psychological
   adjustment using data from Asian Americans and Latino/as (Study 3).

STUDY 1

   To examine awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype and
   perceived experiences of discrimination among different ethnic groups,
   we collected data from Asian Americans, Latino/as, and European
   Americans in Study 1. We also examined the link between the awareness
   of being viewed as a perpetual foreigner and important facets of
   identity.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 836 undergraduate students from a large, public
   university on the West Coast of the United States. There were 231 Asian
   Americans, 211 Latino/as, and 394 European Americans. The sample ranged
   in age from 17 to 42 years (M = 19.15, SD = 2.01), most of whom were
   college freshmen, and there were 568 (68.0%) women. All participants
   were American citizens, and most European Americans were third+
   generation Americans, whereas most Asian Americans and Latino/as were
   second+ generation Americans. See Table 1 for complete participant
   demographics.

TABLE 1

   Participant Demographics for Studies 1-3
   Ethnicity Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   All Asian Americans Latino/as European Americans All African Americans
   European Americans Latino/as Asian Americans
   N 836 231 211 394 151 89 62 165 56
   % female 68.0 64.9 69.7 69.0 73.5 76.4 69.4 63.0 66.1
   Age range 17-42 18-24 17-42 17-37 18-45 18-45 18-37 18-32 18-24
   Age M (SD) 19.15 (2.01) 19.16 (1.49) 19.04 (2.53) 19.04 (1.96) 19.62
   (4.04) 20.02 (4.79) 19.05 (2.54) 19.47 (2.16) 19.64 (1.38)
   Generation status (%)
   First 9.0 18.2 10.0 3.0 4.0 4.5 3.2 5.5 12.5
   Second 41.0 71.0 65.4 10.4 9.9 10.1 9.7 72.1 71.4
   Third or beyond 49.2 10.4 22.7 86.0 86.1 85.4 87.1 21.8 16.1
   Year in school (%)
   First 60.2 53.2 59.7 64.5 64.2 59.6 71.0 51.5 25.0
   Second 15.3 17.7 12.3 15.5 17.2 18.0 16.1 29.7 42.9
   Third 13.2 15.2 14.7 11.2 11.3 12.4 9.7 10.3 16.1
   Fourth or beyond 10.6 13.0 12.3 8.4 7.3 10.1 3.2 8.5 16.1
   Open in a separate window

   Note. For some groups, generation status and year in school percentages
   do not sum to 100 because of missing values.

Measures

   Participants completed a series of measures assessing perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of
   belonging to American culture, and basic demographics. All items were
   rated on a 5-point Likert-type scale (1 = strongly disagree to 5 =
   strongly agree). Table 2 shows arithmetic means, standard deviations,
   and Cronbach's alphas for all scales, and Table 3 shows correlations
   among measured variables.

TABLE 2

   Means, Standard Deviations, and Score Reliability for Measured
   Variables in Studies 1-3
   Ethnicity Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   All Asian Americans Latino/as European Americans All African Americans
   European Americans Latino/as Asian Americans
   Perceived discrimination
   M (SD) 2.64 (0.91) 3.00a (0.65) 3.51a (0.64) 1.96b (0.59) 3.17 (1.07)
   3.92a (0.59) 2.11b (0.58) 3.40 (0.69) 2.95 (0.53)
   [alpha] .90 .80 .80 .79 .93 .79 .73 .82 .66
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   M (SD) 2.16 (0.83) 2.71a (0.67) 2.65a (0.75) 1.57b (0.49) 2.01 (0.72)
   2.33a (0.64) 1.54b (0.55) 2.74 (0.73) 2.63 (0.72)
   [alpha] .93 .87 .88 .87 .90 .84 .84 .88 .88
   Identity conflict
   M (SD) 2.33 (0.84) 2.67 (0.80) 2.67 (0.88) 1.96 (0.65) 2.35 (0.86) 2.70
   (0.84) 1.84 (0.60) 2.56 (0.86) 2.64 (0.79)
   [alpha] .87 .82 .86 .84 .86 .82 .81 .86 .80
   Sense of belonging
   M (SD) 3.88 (0.78) 3.58 (0.64) 3.49 (0.76) 4.27 (.66) 3.79 (0.76) 3.46
   (0.68) 4.28 (0.60) 3.43 (0.69) 3.71 (0.61)
   [alpha] .87 .79 .84 .88 .84 .77 .86 .80 .74
   Depression
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 1.62 (0.43) 1.73 (0.37)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .87 .81
   Hope
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 6.29 (1.04) 6.21 (0.98)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .86 .83
   Life satisfaction
   M (SD) --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 5.22 (1.16) 5.16 (1.08)
   [alpha] --- --- --- --- --- --- --- .84 .84
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Means in the same row that do not share subscripts differ at p 
   .000001 in contrasts ([eta] = 1, 1, +/-2; Study 1) and t-test mean
   difference comparisons (Study 2).

TABLE 3

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for Latino/as and Asian Americans
   in Study 1
                                  Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging
   Perceived discrimination            ---          .46      .36     +/-.34
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype      .40          ---      .50     +/-.49
   Identity conflict                   .41          .55      ---     +/-.34
   Sense of belonging                 +/-.36      +/-.59    +/-.39     ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Correlations for Latino/as (N = 211) are below the diagonal, and
   correlations for Asian Americans (N = 231) are above the diagonal. All

Perceived Discrimination

   To measure perceived discrimination, we used the Perceived
   Discrimination subscale (9 items) from the Scale of Ethnic Experience
   (Malcarne, Chavira, Fernandez, &amp; Liu, 2006). Sample items include: "In
   my life, I have experienced prejudice because of my ethnicity" and
   "Discrimination against my ethnic group is not a problem in America"
   (reverse scored).

Awareness of the Perpetual Foreigner Stereotype

   Thirteen items measured the extent to which participants believed they
   were perceived as a foreigner (as opposed to an American citizen) by
   others, without reference to the race or ethnicity of the perpetrator.
   Sample items include: "Sometimes people think I am a foreigner" and
   "Most people have difficulty viewing me as an American." These items
   were developed specifically for the present research and were generated
   using input from an ethnically diverse group of college students (see
   Appendix).

Perception of Identity Conflict

   Six items measured the extent to which participants experienced a
   conflict between their ethnic and national identities. Some of these
   items were modified from the conflict subscale of the Bicultural
   Identity Integration Scale-Version 1 (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005)
   to focus on national and ethnic identities (rather than on cultural
   identities) for this study. Sample items include: "I am conflicted
   between my ethnic and American identities" and "In some situations, I
   feel pressured to choose between my American and ethnic identities."

Sense of Belonging

   To measure participants' feelings of belonging to mainstream American
   society, we used the Mainstream Comfort subscale (6 items) from the
   Scale of Ethnic Experience (Malcarne et al., 2006). Sample items
   include: "I feel like I belong to mainstream American culture" and "I
   think of myself as a typical American."

PROCEDURE

   Participants were recruited through advertisements in the daily campus
   newspaper (paid) and the psychology department subject pool (unpaid).
   Paid respondents were given $15, and subject pool respondents received
   partial credit for an introductory psychology course for their
   participation in the study. All participants completed all
   questionnaires on a computer in small groups of up to 4. Computers were
   located in cubicles in a small lab setting, and there were screens
   between each computer desk for privacy. Measures were completed in the
   following order: awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, Scale of
   Ethnic Experience (including the perceived discrimination and sense of
   belonging subscales), and demographics.

RESULTS

   As expected, contrast analyses showed that European Americans (M =
   1.96, SD = 0.59) reported significantly lower perceived discrimination
   than Asian Americans (M = 3.00, SD = 0.65) and Latino/as (M = 3.51, SD
   = 0.64) in our sample; [lambda] = +/-2, 1, 1; t(833) = 30.19, p = 7.23
   x 10^+/-136, r[contrast] = .72, 95% CI: .70 to .76. Contrast analyses
   also showed that European Americans (M = 1.57, SD = 0.49) reported
   significantly lower awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   toward the self than Asian Americans (M = 2.71, SD = 0.67) and
   Latino/as (M = 2.65, SD = 0.75); [lambda] = +/-2, 1, 1; t(760.53) =
   26.42, p = 1.13 x 10^+/-109, r[contrast] = .68, 95% CI: .64 to .72. In
   sum, as compared to European Americans, ethnic minorities perceived
   more discrimination toward them and their ethnic group, and they were
   more aware that others perceive them as less American and more foreign.
   These findings are in line with previous research suggesting that
   ethnic minorities are indeed more aware that they are stereotyped as
   foreigners (Barlow et al., 2000; Cheryan &amp; Monin, 2005; Liang et al.,
   2004).

   Not only did European Americans report significantly lower perceived
   discrimination and awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype than
   Asian Americans and Latino/as in our sample (see Table 2), their
   arithmetic means were well below the midpoint of the scales. This
   suggests that perceived discrimination and the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype are not routinely experienced by members of this ethnic
   group. Because the goal of our study was to examine the relation
   between these two forms of ethnic discrimination and identity, we did
   not include European American participants in the following regression
   analyses.

   To test our hypothesis that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts the outcomes of interest above and beyond perceived
   discrimination, we conducted hierarchical regression analyses
   separately for Asian Americans and Latino/as (see Table 4 for
   regression results). Using data from Asian Americans only, we found
   that even after controlling for perceived discrimination, awareness of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant predictor of both
   perception of identity conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .14, F(1, 228) = 44.12, p
   = 2.24 x 10^+/-10, and lower sense of belonging to American culture,
   [Delta]R^2 = .14, F(1, 228) = 44.38, p = 2.00 x 10^+/-10. Likewise,
   using data from Latino/as only, we found that awareness of the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype significantly predicted perception of
   identity conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .18, F(1, 208) = 55.58, p = 2.38 x
   10^+/-12, and lower sense of belonging to American culture, [Delta]R^2
   = .24, F(1, 208) = 78.50, p = 3.60 x 10^+/-16, over and above perceived
   discrimination.

TABLE 4

   Summary of Regression Analyses for Studies 1-3
   Study 1
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 2
     __________________________________________________________________

   Study 3
     __________________________________________________________________

   Asian Americans (N = 231) Latino/as (N = 211) African Americans (N =
   89) Latino/as (N = 165) Asian Americans (N = 56)
   Criterion: Identity conflict Perceived discrimination
   B 0.21 0.31 0.50 0.24 0.02
   SE B 0.08 0.08 0.14 0.10 0.18
   [beta] .17 .23 .35 .19 .02
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B 0.51 0.54 0.36 0.36 0.56
   SE B 0.08 0.07 0.13 0.09 0.14
   [beta] .42 .46 .27 .30 .51
   Criterion: Sense of belonging Perceived discrimination
   B +/-0.14 +/-0.17 +/-0.17 +/-0.16 0.09
   SE B 0.06 0.07 0.10 0.08 0.15
   [beta] +/-.14 +/-.15 +/-.15 +/-.15 .08
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B +/-0.41 +/-0.54 +/-0.55 +/-0.43 +/-0.37
   SE B 0.06 0.06 0.10 0.07 0.11
   [beta] +/-.43 +/-.53 +/-.51 +/-.46 +/-.43
   Criterion: Depression Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- 0.07 0.26
   SE B --- --- --- 0.05 0.09
   [beta] --- --- --- .11 .37
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- 0.10 0.07
   SE B --- --- --- 0.05 0.07
   [beta] --- --- --- .16^[dagger] .14
   Criterion: Hope Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- 0.09 0.07
   SE B --- --- --- 0.13 0.25
   [beta] --- --- --- .06 .04
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- +/-0.08 +/-0.43
   SE B --- --- --- 0.13 0.19
   [beta] --- --- --- +/-.06 +/-.32
   Criterion: Life satisfaction Perceived discrimination
   B --- --- --- +/-0.14 +/-0.82
   SE B --- --- --- 0.15 0.24
   [beta] +/-.09 +/-.41
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype
   B --- --- --- +/-0.16 +/-0.42
   SE B --- --- --- 0.14 0.18
   [beta] --- --- --- +/-.10 +/-.28
   Open in a separate window

   Note.
   ^[dagger]p 

   Italicized; p 

STUDY 2

   Based on research on "exclusionary patriotism" (Sidanius &amp; Petrocik,
   2001), we would expect African Americans also to feel excluded from the
   national identity and marginalized from mainstream American society,
   relative to their European American counterparts. This sense of
   exclusion and marginalization may come in subtle forms, such as
   implying that African Americans are not typical Americans (even if most
   of them are not seen as foreigners in the common meaning of the term).
   Thus, to determine whether findings on Asian Americans and Latino/as in
   Study 1 extend to African Americans, we conducted Study 2.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 151 undergraduate students from the same large,
   public university on the West Coast of the United States. There were 89
   African Americans and 62 European Americans. The sample ranged in age
   from 18 to 45 years (M = 19.62, SD = 4.04), most of whom were college
   freshmen, and there were 111 (73.5%) women. All participants were
   American citizens, and most participants were third+ generation
   Americans. See Table 1 for complete participant demographics.

Measures

   Participants in Study 2 were administered the same measures as in Study
   1: perceived discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype, perception of conflict between ethnic and national
   identities, sense of belonging to American culture, and basic
   demographics. All items were rated on a 5-point Likert-type scale,
   ranging from 1 = strongly disagree to 5 = strongly agree. Table 2 shows
   arithmetic means, standard deviations, and Cronbach's alphas for all
   scales, and Table 5 shows correlations among measured variables.

TABLE 5

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for African Americans in Study 2
                                  Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging
   Perceived discrimination            ---          ---      ---       ---
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype      .17          ---      ---       ---
   Identity conflict                   .40          .33      ---       ---
   Sense of belonging                 +/-.24      +/-.54    +/-.19     ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. N = 89. Correlations significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed) are
   underlined; correlations significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed) are
   bolded.

Procedure

   Study 2 participants were recruited through the same methods as Study 1
   participants, and they completed the study in the same setting as Study
   1 participants. Measures were completed in the same order as in Study
   1.

RESULTS

   As expected, European Americans (M = 2.11, SD = 0.58) reported
   significantly lower perceived discrimination than African Americans (M
   = 3.92, SD = 0.59) in our sample, t(149) = 18.68, p = 7.25 x 10^+/-41,
   r = .84, 95% CI: .78 to .88 (see Table 2). In addition, European
   Americans (M = 1.54, SD = 0.55) reported significantly lower awareness
   of the perpetual foreigner stereotype toward the self than African
   Americans (M = 2.33, SD = 0.64); t(149) = 7.83, p = 8.33 x 10^+/-13, r
   = .54, 95% CI: .42 to .65. As in Study 1, we conducted hierarchical
   regression analyses to determine whether awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype among African Americans predicts the outcomes of
   interest above and beyond perceived discrimination (see Table 4 for
   regression results). We found that awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype was a significant predictor of perception of identity
   conflict, [Delta]R^2 = .07, F(1, 86) = 8.12, p = .005, and lower sense
   of belonging to American culture, [Delta]R^2 = .26, F(1, 86) = 32.18, p
   = 1.85 x 10^+/-7, over and above perceived discrimination.

   Thus, results from Studies 1 and 2 suggest that for the three major
   American ethnic minority groups in our samples ---Asian Americans,
   Latino/as, and African Americans ---the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   is an important predictor of identity, such that participants who
   report that they are seen as perpetual foreigners also are more likely
   to perceive conflict between their national and ethnic identities and
   feel less comfortable in mainstream American culture, even when we
   control for perceived discrimination. In addition, although there is a
   reliable small-medium correlation between these two variables
   (awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype and perceived
   discrimination; see Tables 3 and and5)5) in these three samples, they
   each independently account for the identity outcomes of interest.

STUDY 3

   In addition to examining identity, we also wanted to determine whether
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype is an important predictor of
   psychological adjustment; thus, we conducted Study 3. Specifically, we
   were interested in whether awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype predicts mental health (depression) and well-being (hope and
   life satisfaction) above and beyond perceived discrimination among
   Latino/as and Asian Americans.

METHOD

Participants

   Participants were 165 Latino/a and 56 Asian American undergraduate
   students from the same large, public university on the West Coast of
   the United States. Because of the relative difficulty of recruiting
   African American participants on the campus, we did not include this
   ethnic group in Study 3. The Latino/a sample ranged in age from 18 to
   32 years (M = 19.47, SD = 2.16), and the Asian American sample ranged
   in age from 18 to 24 years (M = 19.64, SD = 1.38). Most of both samples
   were college freshmen or sophomores. There were 104 (63.0%) Latinas and
   37 (66.1%) Asian American women. All participants were American
   citizens, and most of them were second+ generation Americans. See Table
   1 for complete participant demographics.

Measures

   In addition to completing the measures from Study 1 (perceived
   discrimination, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype,
   perception of conflict between ethnic and national identities, sense of
   belonging to American culture, and basic demographics), participants in
   Study 3 completed measures of psychological adjustment: mental health
   (depression) and well-being (hope and life satisfaction). Table 2 shows
   arithmetic means, standard deviations, and Cronbach's alphas for all
   scales, and Table 6 shows correlations among measured variables for
   both samples.

TABLE 6

   Correlations Among Measured Variables for Study 3
   Discrimination Foreigner Conflict Belonging Depression Hope
   Satisfaction
   Perceived discrimination --- .30 .17 +/-.05 .41 +/-.06 +/-.49
   Perpetual foreigner stereotype .47 --- .52 +/-.41 .25 +/-.30 +/-.40
   Identity conflict .33 .39 --- +/-.22 .26 +/-.25 +/-.18
   Sense of belonging +/-.37 +/-.53 +/-.38 --- +/-.14 .27 .37
   Depression .18 .21 .22 +/-.17 --- +/-.37 +/-.46
   Hope .03 +/-.03 +/-.05 .10 +/-.45 --- .53
   Satisfaction +/-.13 +/-.14 +/-.07 .10 +/-.53 .61 ---
   Open in a separate window

   Note. Correlations for Latino/as (N = 165) are below the diagonal, and
   correlations for Asian Americans (N = 56) are above the diagonal.
   Correlations significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed) are underlined;
   correlations significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed) are bolded.

Depression

   We used the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (20
   items; Radloff, 1977) to assess depression symptoms, including
   depressive feelings and behaviors. Respondents were asked to rate their
   level of depressive symptomatology during the previous 7 days,
   including the day of the study, on a 4-point Likert-type scale, 1 =
   rarely or none of the time (
   (5-7 days). Sample items include: "I was bothered by things that
   usually don't bother me" and "I felt sad."

Hope

   Six items of the State Hope Scale measured the extent to which
   participants felt hopeful (sense of agency or "belief in one's capacity
   to initiate and sustain actions" and pathways to reach goals or "belief
   in one's capacity to generate routes") about their lives currently
   (Snyder et al., 1996, p. 321). Respondents were asked to rate the items
   on an 8-point Likert-type scale (1 = definitely false to 8 = definitely
   true). Sample items include: "At the present time, I am energetically
   pursuing my goals" (agency) and "There are lots of ways around any
   problem that I am facing now" (pathways).

Life Satisfaction

   Five items from the Satisfaction With Life Scale measured the extent to
   which participants feel satisfied with their lives currently (Diener,
   Emmons, Larsen, &amp; Griffin, 1985). Respondents were asked to rate the
   items on a 7-point Likert-type scale (1 = strongly disagree to 7 =
   strongly agree). Sample items include: "In most ways my life is close
   to my ideal" and "I am satisfied with my life."

Procedure

   Study 3 participants were recruited through the same methods as Study 1
   participants, and they completed the study in the same setting as Study
   1 participants. The psychological adjustment measures were randomized
   in this study, and they were administered after the discrimination and
   identity measures, before the basic demographics.

RESULTS

   Replicating our Study 1 results with Latino/as and Asian Americans, we
   found that even after controlling for perceived discrimination,
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype was a significant
   predictor of perception of identity conflict and lower sense of
   belonging for both groups in Study 3 (see Table 4 for regression
   results).

   Furthermore, we found that for Latino/as, awareness of the perpetual
   foreigner stereotype was a marginal predictor of depression over and
   above perceived discrimination, [Delta]R^2 = .02, F(1, 162) = 3.53, p =
   .06. Contrary to our hypothesis, awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype did not significantly predict hope, [Delta]R^2 = .003, F(1,
   162) = 0.45, p = .50, or life satisfaction, [Delta]R^2 = .008, F(1,
   162) = 1.40, p = .24, above and beyond perceived discrimination for
   Latino/as.

   For Asian Americans, awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   was not a significant predictor of depression over and above perceived
   discrimination, [Delta]R^2 = .02, F(1, 53) = 1.09, p = .30. However, it
   significantly predicted hope, [Delta]R^2 = .09, F(1, 53) = 5.31, p =
   .03, and life satisfaction, [Delta]R^2 = .07, F(1, 53) = 5.47, p = .03,
   above and beyond perceived discrimination for Asian Americans.

   In summary, results from Study 3 suggest that for Asian Americans and
   Latino/as, the perpetual foreigner stereotype is a predictor of
   different types of psychological adjustment. In particular,
   participants who report that they are seen as perpetual foreigners
   report more depressive symptoms (for Latino/as), and lower hope and
   lower life satisfaction (for Asian Americans), even when we control for
   perceived discrimination.

DISCUSSION

   The present research sought to systematically document ethnic
   minorities' awareness of being stereotyped as perpetual foreigners and
   examine the links between this awareness, identity, and psychological
   adjustment. Together, our studies demonstrate that to various degrees,
   ethnic minorities but not European Americans perceive that they are the
   targets of the perpetual foreigner stereotype, and that this subtle
   form of exclusion is linked to ethnic minorities' identity and some
   types of psychological adjustment. Specifically, as predicted, Asian
   Americans (Study 1), Latino/as (Study 1), and African Americans (Study
   2) report significantly higher awareness of the perpetual foreigner
   stereotype toward them than do European Americans (Studies 1 and 2).^1
   Also as hypothesized, variations in the awareness of being stereotyped
   as a foreigner is associated with perceptions of conflict between an
   individual's ethnic and national identities, even after controlling for
   perceived discrimination, providing evidence of incremental validity
   for the perpetual foreigner construct (Studies 1-3). Asian Americans,
   Latino/as, and African Americans who perceive that they are not seen as
   Americans by others report experiencing greater tension between their
   ethnic and national identities than those who are less cognizant of
   these perceptions. As was shown in research on bicultural identity
   integration (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005), it may be more
   difficult for some members of an ethnic minority group to incorporate
   their national and ethnic cultures into a cohesive sense of self. These
   results may have implications for social identity complexity theory
   (Roccas &amp; Brewer, 2002), which suggests that the less a person
   perceives the different groups to which he/she belongs as being similar
   to each other, the more complex his/her social identity will be. The
   current findings suggest that some ethnic minorities' awareness of
   being perceived as foreigners may contribute to the perception that
   their ethnic and national identities are dissimilar and even
   incompatible, thereby forcing them to maintain a more complex social
   identity. This could be a source of conflict for these individuals, who
   may have to choose between their ethnic and national identities
   (Benet-Martinez &amp; Haritatos, 2005). Compared with European Americans,
   whose American identity is readily recognized, members of ethnic
   minority groups, who are cognizant that their American identity is
   viewed skeptically by others, experience significantly more tensions in
   their efforts to form a unified and integrated identity.

   The awareness of being perceived as a foreigner also is associated with
   weakened sense of belonging in America (Studies 1-3). As hypothesized,
   the extent to which an individual is aware of being viewed as a
   foreigner is highly correlated with his/her inability to feel part of
   the national identity, even after controlling for perceived
   discrimination. Some ethnic minorities, aware of the stereotypes
   against them, may be led to question whether or not they truly belong
   in the United States. If fellow Americans treat them as outsiders or as
   if they do not represent that which is American, how can minority group
   members be expected to see themselves as American? These findings
   support the idea that many ethnic minorities see mainstream American
   culture as generally meaning White and thus feel excluded from the
   national identity (see also Phinney et al., 1997). Consequently, Asian
   Americans', Latino/as', and African Americans' awareness of being
   perceived as not American may ultimately inhibit their ability to feel
   like they belong in America or lead to a relative dis-identification
   with mainstream American culture. These findings may have implications
   for ethnic minority group participation in civic life, including
   voting, volunteerism, military service, and other aspects of citizen
   involvement, all of which are bolstered by a sense of identification
   with the group (in this case, the American identity). Perceiving
   exclusion in the form of the perpetual foreigner stereotype may
   discourage some ethnic minorities from actively participating in
   American society.

   In addition to the strong correlations between ethnic minorities'
   awareness of being stereotyped and their identity, their subjective
   experiences with the perpetual foreigner stereotype are moderately
   linked to adjustment. As expected, ethnic minorities who are more aware
   of the perpetual foreigner stereotype tend to report greater depression
   (for Latino/as, Study 3) and lower hope or life-satisfaction (for Asian
   Americans, Study 3), even after controlling for perceived
   discrimination, providing further evidence for the incremental validity
   of the perpetual foreigner construct.^2 It should be emphasized that
   the patterns of associations between the perpetual foreigner stereotype
   and adjustment are different for Latino/as and Asian Americans. It is
   possible that the perpetual foreigner stereotype operates differently
   for these two groups. For example, American history ---with wars in
   Japan, Korea, and Viet Nam, and fears of the yellow peril with regard
   to Chinese immigrants ---is rife with conceptions of Asians (and thus
   Asian Americans) as foreign and dangerous enemies (Takaki, 1998).
   Conversely, the messages regarding the foreign-ness of Latino/as are
   mixed. Although some Latino/as are racially White, and some have
   ancestors who lived on this land before the United States was founded,
   the recent immigration debates have focused on Latino/as, often
   labeling them as illegal aliens. It is also possible that adjustment
   and well-being are expressed and reported differently by Latino/as and
   Asian Americans. For example, some Asian Americans may find that it is
   more culturally acceptable to experience depression psychosomatically
   and to report physical problems than it is to report symptoms of
   depression (Chun, Enomoto, &amp; Sue, 1996; U.S. Department of Health and
   Human Services, 2001).

   Overall, our findings are in line with the racial microaggressions
   perspective, which suggests that subtle forms of racism, such as being
   perceived by others as foreigners even when one identifies as American,
   may be detrimental to the victim's psychological adjustment (Sue,
   Capodilupo, et al., 2007). American ethnic minorities who feel that
   they are frequently perceived as foreigners and denied their ingroup
   status may feel conflicted about their national identity and have a
   sense of cultural homelessness, which in turn can lead to poorer
   overall psychological adjustment. That is, these feelings of conflict
   and exclusion may cause ethnic minorities to experience depression
   symptoms, lose hope, and become less satisfied overall with their
   lives. These findings may also be interpreted in the reverse direction:
   individuals who have lower overall well-being (experience more identity
   conflict and lower sense of belonging, more depressive symptoms, feel
   more hopeless about life, and have lower life satisfaction) also
   perceive less acceptance from mainstream American society, or have a
   generally more negative outlook on life. Thus, they also report more
   awareness of the perpetual foreigner stereotype. More research is
   needed to determine the complex causal pathways among these variables.

   Another way in which exposure to the perpetual foreigner stereotype may
   negatively impact ethnic minorities' psychological adjustment can be
   viewed in light of research on stigma consciousness (Pinel, 1999).
   According to this theoretical framework, individuals or groups that
   regularly contend with stereotypical or prejudicial reactions have
   higher expectations of being the target of these types of responses
   than groups that do not. Similarly, ethnic minorities who are
   frequently reminded of their perpetual foreigner status may come to
   expect to be stereotyped in this manner. Our findings highlight the
   potentially deleterious effects of such expectations, even when the
   stereotypical or prejudicial reactions are relatively subtle and
   ambiguous in nature.

LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS

   Despite the ethnic diversity of the samples in these studies, all
   studies used data from undergraduate university students, who represent
   only a small sub-set of the American population. However, it can be
   argued that if effects of the perpetual foreigner stereotype can be
   seen among a well-educated, successful population of individuals, the
   phenomenon may be even more magnified in other sub-sets of the American
   population. These other sub-sets should be sampled in order to
   determine their level of awareness of being denied the American
   identity, and whether such awareness is predictive of identity
   conflict, a lowered sense of belonging to mainstream America, and poor
   psychological adjustment, as it is for Asian American, Latino/a, and
   African American undergraduate students.

   A second limitation of the current research is its correlational
   nature. Despite establishing the predictive validity (in the regression
   sense) of the perpetual foreigner stereotype, it is impossible based on
   the present set of findings to make claims as to whether one's
   awareness of being seen as a foreigner is the cause of internal
   conflict, a lowered sense of belonging to mainstream America, and poor
   psychological adjustment. Future experimental or longitudinal research
   is needed to establish this causal relationship. In addition, future
   studies should examine moderators, such as ethnic identity, social
   support, and ethnic and mainstream American social networks, that may
   serve as buffers in the negative link between individuals' awareness of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype and their psychological well-being.

CONCLUSION

   Equality is a core American value, yet when ethnic minorities perceive
   that their national identity is being denied via marginalizing comments
   (e.g., You speak English so well), they are being told that they are
   not as American as European Americans, whose "Americanness" is not
   called into question. Thus, comments and behaviors that subtly alienate
   ethnic minorities may perpetuate the commonly held belief (implicit and
   explicit) that Americanness is Whiteness (Devos &amp; Banaji, 2005; Phinney
   et al., 1997). Although the intentions of the perpetrator are unknown,
   our studies show the importance of the target's perception of such
   exclusionary experiences. We have demonstrated that these repeated
   experiences of marginalization, although subtle, are linked to
   important psychological outcomes for the targets. Specifically, the
   most important contribution of the present studies is the
   identification of the potential impact of the awareness of the
   perpetual foreigner stereotype on one's identity and psychological
   adjustment. Our results suggest that the simple awareness of being seen
   as less American may influence an individual's adjustment and the way
   he/she perceives him/herself. In addition to establishing a foundation
   upon which to further examine the potentially negative consequences of
   the perpetual foreigner stereotype for ethnic minorities, the present
   research provides insight into how an underlying exclusionary national
   mindset may have nontrivial implications for minority groups' identity
   and well-being.

Acknowledgments

   This research was supported in part by National Institute of Mental
   Health Grants R24 MH 065515 and 3R24 MH 065515-06S1.

APPENDIX

Awareness of the Perpetual Foreigner Stereotype Scale

    1. Most people see me as an American.*
    2. Most people have difficulty viewing me as an American.
    3. I do not fit what people have in mind when they think of a typical
       American.
    4. Due to my ethnicity, people sometimes assume I am not American.
    5. Sometimes people think I am a foreigner.
    6. Based on my physical appearance, people assume I am American.*
    7. Because of how I speak, people sometimes think I am not a U.S.
       citizen.
    8. Sometimes people interpret what I do or say as if I was not
       American.
    9. When people look at me, they see a foreigner.
   10. My ethnic heritage sometimes disqualifies me as American.
   11. People sometimes ask me where I am from.
   12. People sometimes ask me how I speak English so well.
   13. I have to work harder than most people to be accepted as American.

Footnotes

   ^1In absolute terms, Latino/as (Studies 1 and 3) and African Americans
   reported relatively high rates of perceived discrimination, with group
   means well above the midpoint of the rating scale, suggesting that on
   average, they tend to perceive discrimination toward themselves and
   their group. However, none of the group means on the perpetual
   foreigner scale were above the midpoint. Thus, in absolute terms, none
   of the groups in Studies 1-3 reported being treated as perpetual
   foreigners to a great extent. Participants also reported low identity
   conflict (group means below the midpoint across the 3 studies) and high
   sense of belonging (group means above the midpoint across the 3
   studies). In terms of adjustment, Latino/a, and Asian American
   participants in Study 3 were relatively hopeful and satisfied with
   their lives (group means above the midpoint) and reported relatively
   few depression symptoms (group means below the midpoint).

   ^2In previous research, perceived discrimination predicted depression
   symptoms for Latino/as (e.g., Romero &amp; Roberts, 2003; Smokowski &amp;
   Bacallao, 2007); however, it was not a significant predictor of
   depression symptoms in Study 3 reported here. There may be important
   differences between our sample and the samples of Latino/as studied in
   previous research that may account for the difference in findings. For
   example, researchers have found that English language competence is
   another important predictor of fewer depression symptoms for Latino/a
   youth (e.g., Rumbaut, 1995). Because our sample consists of college
   students, they may be more competent in English than the adolescents
   typically studied in previous research, and this language competency
   may buffer the negative impact of perceived discrimination on
   depression symptoms for our sample.

   Note. Items marked with an asterisk (*) are reverse-scored.

Contributor Information

   QUE-LAM HUYNH, San Diego State University.

   THIERRY DEVOS, San Diego State University.

   LAURA SMALARZ, Iowa State University.

References

     * Adams V, Rand K, Kahle K, Snyder C, Berg C, King E, et al. African
       Americans' hope and coping with racism stressors. In: Jacoby R,
       Keinan G, editors. Between stress and hope: From a disease-centered
       to a health-centered perspective. Westport, CT: Praeger/Greenwood;
       2003. pp. 235-249. [Google Scholar]
     * Asamen JK, Berry GL. Self-concept, alienation, and perceived
       prejudice: Implications for counseling Asian Americans. Journal of
       Multicultural Counseling and Development. 1987;15:146-160. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Barlow KM, Taylor DM, Lambert WE. Ethnicity in America and feeling
       "American" Journal of Psychology. 2000;134:581-600. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Benet-Martinez V, Haritatos J. Bicultural identity integration
       (BII): Components and psychosocial antecedents. Journal of
       Personality. 2005;73:1015-1050. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Cheryan S, Monin B. "Where are you really from?": Asian Americans
       and identity denial. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
       2005;89:717-730. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Chun C-A, Enomoto K, Sue S. Health care issues among Asian
       Americans: Implications of somatization. In: Kato PM, Mann T,
       editors. Handbook of diversity issues in health psychology. New
       York: PlenumPress; 1996. pp. 439-467. [Google Scholar]
     * Devos T, Banaji MR. American = White? Journal of Personality and
       Social Psychology. 2005;88:447-466. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Devos T, Gavin K, Quintana FJ. Say "Adios" to the American Dream?
       The interplay between ethnic and national identity among Latino and
       Caucasian Americans. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority
       Psychology. 2010;16:37-49. [PMC free article] [PubMed] [Google
       Scholar]
     * Devos T, Heng L. Whites are granted the American identity more
       swiftly than Asians: Disentangling the role of automatic and
       controlled processes. Social Psychology. 2009;40:192-201. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Devos T, Ma DS. Is Kate Winslet more American than Lucy Liu? The
       impact of construal processes on the implicit ascription of a
       national identity. British Journal of Social Psychology.
       2008;47:191-215. [PMC free article] [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Diener E, Emmons RA, Larsen RJ, Griffin S. The satisfaction with
       life scale. Journal of Personality Assessment. 1985;49:71-75.
       [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Klonoff EA, Landrine H. Cross-validation of the schedule of racist
       events. Journal of Black Psychology. 1999;25:231-254. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Klonoff EA, Landrine H, Ullman JB. Racial discrimination and
       psychiatric symptoms among Blacks. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic
       Minority Psychology. 1999;5:329-339. [Google Scholar]
     * Levin S, Van Laar C, Foote W. Ethnic segregation and perceived
       discrimination in college: Mutual influences and effects on social
       and academic life. Journal of Applied Social Psychology.
       2006;36:1471-1501. [Google Scholar]
     * Liang CTH, Li LC, Kim BSK. The Asian American racism-related stress
       inventory: Development, factor analysis, reliability, and validity.
       Journal of Counseling Psychology. 2004;51:103-114. [Google Scholar]
     * Liebkind K, Jasinskaja-Lahti I, Solheim E. Cultural identity,
       perceived discrimination, and parental support as determinants of
       immigrants' school adjustments: Vietnamese youth in Finland.
       Journal of Adolescent Research. 2004;19:635-656. [Google Scholar]
     * Malcarne VL, Chavira DA, Fernandez S, Liu PJ. The scale of ethnic
       experience: Development and psychometric properties. Journal of
       Personality Assessment. 2006;86:150-161. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Neto F. Satisfaction with life among adolescents from immigrant
       families in Portugal. Journal of Youth and Adolescence.
       2001;30:53-67. [Google Scholar]
     * Phinney JS, Cantu CL, Kurtz DA. Ethnic and American identity as
       predictors of self-esteem among African American, Latino, and White
       adolescents. Journal of Youth and Adolescence. 1997;26:165-185.
       [Google Scholar]
     * Pieterse AL, Carter RT. An examination of the relationship between
       general life stress, racism-related stress, and psychological
       health among black men. Journal of Counseling Psychology.
       2007;54:101-109. [Google Scholar]
     * Pinel EC. Stigma consciousness: The psychological legacy of social
       stereotypes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
       1999;76:114-128. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Radloff LS. The CES-D scale: A self report depression scale for
       research in the general population. Applied Psychological
       Measurement. 1977;1:385-401. [Google Scholar]
     * Roccas S, Brewer M. Social identity complexity. Personality and
       Social Psychology Review. 2002;6:88-106. [Google Scholar]
     * Romero AJ, Roberts RE. Stress within a bicultural context for
       adolescents of Mexican descent. Cultural Diversity and Ethnic
       Minority Psychology. 2003;9:171-184. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Rumbaut RG. The new Californians: Comparative research findings on
       the educational progress of immigrant children. In: Rumbaut RG,
       Cornelius WA, editors. California's immigrant children: Theory,
       research, and implications for educational policy. San Diego, CA:
       Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies; 1995. pp. 17-69. [Google Scholar]
     * Rydell RJ, Hamilton DL, Devos T. Now they are American, now they
       are not: Valence as a determinant of the inclusion of African
       Americans in the American identity. Social Cognition.
       2010;28:161-179. [Google Scholar]
     * Sam DL. Satisfaction with life among international students: An
       exploratory study. Social Indicators Research. 2001;53:315-337.
       [Google Scholar]
     * Sidanius J, Feshbach S, Levin S, Pratto F. The interface between
       ethnic and national attachment: Ethnic pluralism or ethnic
       dominance? Public Opinion Quarterly. 1997;61:102-133. [Google
       Scholar]
     * Sidanius J, Petrocik JR. Communal and national identity in a
       multiethnic state: A comparison of three perspectives. In: Ashmore
       RD, Jussim L, Wilder D, editors. Social identity, intergroup
       conflict, and conflict resolution. Oxford: Oxford University Press;
       2001. pp. 101-129. [Google Scholar]
     * Smith WA, Allen WR, Danley LL. "Assume the position... You fit the
       description": Psychosocial experiences and racial battle fatigue
       among African American male college students. American Behavioral
       Scientist. 2007;51:551-578. [Google Scholar]
     * Smokowski PR, Bacallao ML. Acculturation, Internalizing mental
       health symptoms, and self-esteem: Cultural experiences of Latino
       adolescents in North Carolina. Child Psychiatry and Human
       Development. 2007;37:273-292. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Snyder CR, Sympson SC, Ybasco FC, Borders TF, Babyak MA, Higgins
       RL. Development and validation of the State Hope Scale. Journal of
       Personality and Social Psychology. 1996;70:321-335. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Solorzano D, Ceja M, Yosso T. Critical race theory, racial
       microaggressions, and campus racial climate: The experiences of
       African American college students. Journal of Negro Education.
       2000;69:60-73. [Google Scholar]
     * Sue DW, Bucceri J, Lin AI, Nadal KL, Torino GC. Racial
       microaggressions and the Asian American experience. Cultural
       Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology. 2007;13:72-81. [PubMed]
       [Google Scholar]
     * Sue DW, Capodilupo CM, Torino GC, Bucceri JM, Holder AMB, Nadal KL,
       Esquilin M. Racial microaggressions in everyday life: Implications
       for clinical practice. American Psychologist. 2007;62:271-286.
       [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
     * Takaki R. A larger memory: A history of our diversity, with voices.
       Boston: Little, Brown and Company; 1998. [Google Scholar]
     * U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Mental health:
       Culture, race, and ethnicity ---A supplement to Mental health: A
       report of the surgeon general. Rockville, MD: U.S. Department of
       Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health
       Services Administration, Center for Mental Health Services; 2001.
       Retrieved January 17, 2011 from
       http://www.surgeongeneral.gov/library/mentalhealth/cre/sma-01-3613.
       pdf. [Google Scholar]
     * Vohra N, Adair J. Life satisfaction of Indian immigrants in Canada.
       Psychology and Developing Societies. 2000;12:109-138. [Google
       Scholar]

Other Formats

     * PubReader
     * PDF (341K)

Actions

     * (BUTTON) Cite
     * Favorites

Share

     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
       Permalink
       https://www.ncbi.nlm (BUTTON) Copy

RESOURCES

     * (BUTTON) Similar articles
     * (BUTTON) Cited by other articles
     * (BUTTON) Links to NCBI Databases

   (BUTTON) [x]
   Cite
   (BUTTON) Copy Download .nbib .nbib
   Format: [NLM]

   Follow NCBI

   Connect with NLM
     *
     *
     *

   National Library of Medicine
   8600 Rockville Pike
   Bethesda, MD 20894

   Web Policies
   FOIA
   HHS Vulnerability Disclosure

   Help
   Accessibility
   Careers
     * NLM
     * NIH
     * HHS
     * USA.gov
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-32">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N8H44QX

   Skip to main content
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Book a reservation (BUTTON) ReservationsWine Shop
   (BUTTON) Search (BUTTON) Sign upLog in
   1 / 10
   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   View all 10 photos
   1 / 10

The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience

   Winter Park, FL · $$
   (BUTTON)

   The Foreigner provides its guests a multi-course omakase/menu confiance
   style dinner, with an opportunity to live the inner workings of an
   active kitchen. Such dinner experience can be as interactive as you,
   the guest, choose for it to be. We invite you to join Chef Bruno
   Fonseca and team. The dinners will take place on different venues
   throughout greater Orlando.
   As Foreigner (the restaurant) builds in beautiful Audubon Park -
   Corrine Dr , Bruno and team, continue to serve dinners for 12...
   (BUTTON)

   + More

More information

   The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience
   1152 Harmon Ave
   The Heavy
   Winter Park, FL 32789
   theforeignerexperience.com

Private Events

   If you are interested in learning more about our offerings, please fill
   out the request form and we will contact you to discuss details.
   Request information

Reservations are unavailable.

   The Foreigner- A Culinary Experience is not currently accepting
   reservations on Tock. Please check again soon.

Buy a Tock gift card

   Give a whole world of experiences, events, and wineries.
   Learn more

Download the Tock app

   Everything you love about Tock is now just a tap away.
   Download it now

Use Tock at your business

   Curious about our reservation and table management system?
   Learn more
   Tock home page
     * About
     * Support
     * Careers
     * Terms
     * Privacy

     * Instagram
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Facebook

   Explore Tock®    © 2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-33">
<text>
   #GitHub

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   Sign up
   (BUTTON)

     * (BUTTON) Product
          + Actions
            Automate any workflow
          + Packages
            Host and manage packages
          + Security
            Find and fix vulnerabilities
          + Codespaces
            Instant dev environments
          + Copilot
            Write better code with AI
          + Code review
            Manage code changes
          + Issues
            Plan and track work
          + Discussions
            Collaborate outside of code
          + Explore
          + All features
          + Documentation
          + GitHub Skills
          + Blog
     * (BUTTON) Solutions
          + For
          + Enterprise
          + Teams
          + Startups
          + Education
          + By Solution
          + CI/CD &amp; Automation
          + DevOps
          + DevSecOps
          + Case Studies
          + Customer Stories
          + Resources
     * (BUTTON) Open Source
          + GitHub Sponsors
            Fund open source developers
          + The ReadME Project
            GitHub community articles
          + Repositories
          + Topics
          + Trending
          + Collections
     * Pricing

   ____________________
     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵

     * No suggested jump to results

     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵
     * In this user All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵
     * In this repository All GitHub ↵
       Jump to ↵

   Sign in
   Sign up

   (BUTTON)
   {{ message }}

   matthuhiggins / foreigner Public
     * Notifications
     * Fork 125
     * Star 1.3k (BUTTON)

   Adds foreign key helpers to migrations and correctly dumps foreign keys
   to schema.rb
   www.strictlyuntyped.com

License

   MIT license
   1.3k stars 125 forks
   Star (BUTTON)
   Notifications

     * Code
     * Issues 2
     * Pull requests 2
     * Actions
     * Projects 0
     * Wiki
     * Security
     * Insights

   More
     * Code
     * Issues
     * Pull requests
     * Actions
     * Projects
     * Wiki
     * Security
     * Insights

matthuhiggins/foreigner

   This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may
   belong to a fork outside of the repository.
   master

   Switch branches/tags (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Branches (BUTTON) Tags
   Could not load branches
   Nothing to show
   {{ refName }} default

   View all branches
   Could not load tags
   Nothing to show
   {{ refName }} default

   View all tags

Name already in use

   (BUTTON)
   A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands
   accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause
   unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?

   (BUTTON) Cancel (BUTTON) Create
   2 branches 7 tags
   Code
     * (BUTTON) Local
     * (BUTTON) Codespaces

     * Clone
       (button) HTTPS (button) GitHub CLI
       https://github.com/m
       Use Git or checkout with SVN using the web URL.
       gh repo clone matthu
       Work fast with our official CLI. Learn more.
     * Open with GitHub Desktop
     * Download ZIP

Sign In Required

   Please sign in to use Codespaces.

Launching GitHub Desktop

   If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching GitHub Desktop

   If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching Xcode

   If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.
   (BUTTON)

Launching Visual Studio Code

   Your codespace will open once ready.

   There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.

Latest commit

   @matthuhiggins
   matthuhiggins Merge pull request #178 from f3ndot/patch-1
   (BUTTON) …
   0496762 Nov 21, 2016
   Merge pull request #178 from f3ndot/patch-1
Update README to say foreigner is obsolete in Rails 4.2

   0496762

Git stats

     * 285 commits

Files

   Permalink
   Failed to load latest commit information.
   Type
   Name
   Latest commit message
   Commit time
   ci


   lib


   test


   .gitignore


   .travis.yml


   CHANGELOG.md


   Gemfile


   MIT-LICENSE


   README.md


   Rakefile


   foreigner.gemspec


   (BUTTON) View code
   Foreigner Installation API Examples Change Table Methods
   Database-specific options Foreigner Add-ons License

README.md

Foreigner

   Build Status Code Climate

   Foreigner introduces a few methods to your migrations for adding and
   removing foreign key constraints. It also dumps foreign keys to
   schema.rb.

   The following adapters are supported:
     * mysql2
     * postgres
     * sqlite (foreign key methods are a no-op)

   Foreigner was rendered obsolete in Rails 4.2. The migration DSL
   supports foreign keys out of the box via add_foreign_key and
   remove_foreign_key.

Installation

   Add the following to your Gemfile:
gem 'foreigner'

API Examples

   Foreigner adds two methods to migrations.
     * add_foreign_key(from_table, to_table, options)
     * remove_foreign_key(from_table, to_table, options)

   (Options are documented in
   connection_adapters/abstract/schema_statements.rb):

   For example, given the following model:
class Comment 
  belongs_to :post
end

class Post 
  has_many :comments, dependent: :delete_all
end

   You should add a foreign key in your migration:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts)

   The :dependent option can be moved from the has_many definition to the
   foreign key:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, dependent: :delete)

   If the column is named article_id instead of post_id, use the :column
   option:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, column: 'article_id')

   A name can be specified for the foreign key constraint:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, name: 'comment_article_foreign_key')

   The :column and :name options create a foreign key with a custom name.
   In order to remove it you need to specify :name:
remove_foreign_key(:comments, name: 'comment_article_foreign_key')

Change Table Methods

   Foreigner adds extra methods to create_table and change_table.

   Create a new table with a foreign key:
create_table :products do |t|
  t.string :name
  t.integer :factory_id
  t.foreign_key :factories
end

   Add a missing foreign key to comments:
change_table :comments do |t|
  t.foreign_key :posts, dependent: :delete
end

   Remove an unwanted foreign key:
change_table :comments do |t|
  t.remove_foreign_key :users
end

Database-specific options

   Database-specific options will never be supported by foreigner. You can
   add them using :options:
add_foreign_key(:comments, :posts, options: 'ON UPDATE DEFERRED')

Foreigner Add-ons

     * immigrant - generate a migration that includes all missing foreign
       keys.
     * sqlserver-foreigner - A plugin for SQL Server.

License

   Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Higgins, released under the MIT license

About

   Adds foreign key helpers to migrations and correctly dumps foreign keys
   to schema.rb
   www.strictlyuntyped.com

Resources

   Readme

License

   MIT license

Stars

   1.3k stars

Watchers

   23 watching

Forks

   125 forks

Releases 3

   v1.7.3 Latest
   Mar 30, 2015
   + 2 releases

Packages 0

   No packages published

Used by 3.1k

     * @bhicks8364
     * @kb-dk
     * @liaoyyer
     * @saheedgw
     * @norbajunior
     * @shijiancug
     * @Bastian-Gonzalez
     * @Oritz

   + 3,117

Contributors 28

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   + 17 contributors

Languages

     * Ruby 99.0%
     * Logos 1.0%

Footer

   © 2023 GitHub, Inc.

Footer navigation

     * Terms
     * Privacy
     * Security
     * Status
     * Docs
     * Contact GitHub
     * Pricing
     * API
     * Training
     * Blog
     * About

   (BUTTON) You can’t perform that action at this time.

   You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your
   session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh
   your session.

   (BUTTON)
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-34">
<text>
   #alternate

Ministry of the interior of the Czech Republic

Go

     * Go to content |
     * Go to main menu |
     * Go to submenu

   Search ____________________ ok

   Quick menu [Quick menu________________]

   Modern Administration
     __________________________________________________________________

   Quick links: Sitemap Text version Česky Fulltext search
     __________________________________________________________________


Main menu

     * Home
     * About Us
          + News
          + Vision
          + Mission
          + Organisation
          + Minister of the Interior
     * Scope of activities
          + Public Administration
          + Asylum, Migration, Integration
          + Firearms and Ammunition
          + eGovernment
          + Archives
          + Crisis Psychology
          + Archive Magazine / Archivzeitschrift
     * Useful Information
          + Forms
          + Miscellaneous citizen advice
          + Invalid documents
          + Documents and Reports
          + Immigration
          + Информация для иностранных граждан
     * EU
          + Agenda of the EU at the Ministry of the Interior
          + EU Funds and Programmes
          + European Migration Network
          + Schengen (English)
          + Schengen (Deutsch)
          + Elections to the European Parliament 2009
          + The Salzburg Forum
     * Links
          + Ministries and Governmental Offices
          + President, Parliament and Courts
          + Public Administration Portal, EU links
     * Contacts
          + Ministry of the Interior
          + Foreign Police and offices for residency
          + Emergency Numbers

     __________________________________________________________________

     __________________________________________________________________

Drobečková navigace

   Home Page / Useful Information / Immigration
     __________________________________________________________________

Immigration

Immigration

   PLEASE NOTE: In connection with the amendment to the Act on the
   Residence of Foreigners effective from August 2nd, 2021, the website is
   currently under construction and is being continuously updated. Thank
   you for your understanding.
                                      -
    Česky

   UA_iko.jpg  Information for citizens of Ukraine
   BASIC INFORMATION
     * Status of your application
     * EU citizens and their family members
          + BREXIT
     * Third-country nationals
          + Adaptation - integration courses
     * International protection
     * I am Foreigner and need help
     * Information Publications for Foreigners
     * Contacts

   OTHER INFORMATION
     * Information for education providers and students
     * Information for employers
     * Information for accommodation providers

                                      -
   OPERATIONAL NOTICE - Operation of the Ministry of the Interior (Asylum
   and Migration Policy Department)
   IMPORTANT NOTICES
     * FREE LEGAL SERVICES FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION APPLICANTS
       Based on the mutual contract between the Ministry of the Interior
       and the Law firm Volopich, Tomšíček &amp; spol., s. r. o., applicants
       for international protection can now utilise the option of free
       legal services (pdf, 408 kB).
     * WARNING
       The services provided by MoI offices are no more restricted.
       Applications for residence permits must be submitted within the
       time limits prescribed by the law since all restrictions on the MoI
       services have been lifted.
       УВАГА
       Графік роботи відділів Департаменту з питань притулку та
       міграційної політики (ОАМП МВ ЧР) вже жодним чином не обмежен.
       Заяви на отримання дозволу на проживання мають бути подані у
       встановлені законодавством терміни, перешкоду у вигляді обмеженного
       графіку роботи робочих місць ОАМП МВ ЧР було усунуто.
     * INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION
       Based on an extraordinary measure of the Health Security Department
       of the Ministry of the Interior, for the lodging of applications
       for international protection on the territory of the Czech Republic
       from Saturday February19^th, 2022 competent only the Reception
       Centre Zastávka.
       Address of Reception Centre Zastávka is Havířská 514 664 84,
       Zastávka, Brno - venkov; Telephone 00420 546 411 130.
     * CHANGES TO THE ACT ON THE RESIDENCE OF FOREIGNERS
       An overview of changes to the Act on the Residence of Foreigners
       with effect from August 2^nd, 2021 can be found HERE (pdf, 390 kB).
     * CZECH LANGUAGE EXAM - A2
       From September 1^st, 2021 the level of the Czech language
       examination for the purpose of obtaining the permanent residence is
       increased to the A2 level. This higher level examination will be
       taken by third-country nationals who apply for permanent residence
       on September 1^st, 2021 or later. More information you can find
       here.
       Detailed information on the Czech exam you can find here.​

   -
     * 02/08/2021 - An up-to-date version of the Act No. 326/1999 Coll. on
       the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Czech Republic (pdf, 1.8
       kB)
     * 01/01/2020 - A practice of making copies of presented documents has
       changed since January 1st, 2020. You will find more
       information here (pdf, 170 kB)
     * 20/05/2015 - Emergencies
     * 08/09/2014 - Immigration Portal of the Ministry of Interior


   ________________________________________
   Disclaimer: This website is currently under construction and is
   continuously being updated. The information available here is not
   intended to be comprehensive and many details which are relevant to
   particular circumstances may have been omitted. It is not a complete
   statement of the Act on the Residence of Foreign Nationals in the Czech
   Republic (pdf, 1.8 MB) or policy. Please note that the MOI takes no
   responsibility for the content and accuracy of any of the external
   websites we link to from this website.


   Department for Asylum and Migration Policy, January 2nd, 2023

   Print  E-mail  Twitter   Facebook

   Website of the Police of the Czech Republic
   Website of the Fire and Rescue Service of the Czech Republic

   Information for Foreigners Extremism
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2022 The Ministry of the Interior of the Czech Republic, all rights
   reserved
     * Sitemap |
     * Webmaster |
     * Contacts |
     * Declaration of accessability
     * | RSS
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-35">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   BBC Homepage
     * Skip to content
     * Accessibility Help

     * Your account

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * More menu

   More menu
   Search BBC
     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

   (BUTTON) Close menu
   BBC News

   Menu
     * Home
     * War in Ukraine
     * Coronavirus
     * Climate
     * Video
     * World
     * UK
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Science

   More
     * Stories
     * Entertainment &amp; Arts
     * Health
     * World News TV
     * In Pictures
     * Reality Check
     * Newsbeat
     * Long Reads

     * World
     * Africa
     * Asia
     * Australia
     * Europe
     * Latin America
     * Middle East
     * US &amp; Canada

South Africans take law into their own hands to drive out foreigners

     * Published
       2 June 2022

   (BUTTON) Share
   (BUTTON) close panel
   Share page
   (BUTTON) Copy link
   About sharing
   Children playing in a township
   By Lebo Diseko
   Johannesburg, South Africa

   South Africa's president says he's "deeply disturbed" at the abuse of
   foreign nationals working in the country. It is a particular problem in
   the township of Alexandra, which was at the centre of xenophobic riots
   in 2008. Some immigrants there have told the BBC they now live in fear.

   "When they came here for the first time there were seven of them. They
   made us lie all down. They took the machines, hairdryers and sprays. We
   had no choice but to let them take them because they had guns".

   David - not his real name - sits nervously in front of me at his
   barber's shop in Johannesburg's Alexandra township.

   The Mozambican looks down at his hands as he describes the numerous
   attacks he's been the target of, simply for being a foreigner.

   David says his attackers were South African, and that each time they
   make the same demand: that he should leave the country.

   "They tell us we have to go, to close our business, but I don't know
   where to go," he says.

   The shack which serves as his salon is less than two metres long, but
   it is clearly David's pride and joy. Laminated pictures showing
   different hairstyles line the wall, and his clippers and other tools
   are neatly lined up on the side.

   The money he makes here supports his family back in Mozambique. But he
   says he is willing to brave whatever danger might come to provide for
   them.

   "As long as my family is eating, that is all that matters to me," he
   says.

   "They could kill me at any time. I don't know what will happen".
   Man walking through the township
   Image caption,
   Alexandra is one of the poorest urban areas in the country

   Recent clashes between South African residents of Alexandra and foreign
   business owners have raised fears of another outbreak of anti-immigrant
   violence in the country. It is in this township in 2008 that xenophobic
   violence began and then spread.

   Nationwide, nearly three times as many foreigners were killed as a
   result of xenophobic violence in 2021 than the previous year, according
   to the African Centre of Migration and Society.

   Poverty is one of the main drivers of such conflict, with South
   Africans frequently accusing immigrants of taking their jobs. One in
   three people in the workforce is currently unemployed, a figure that
   rises to almost two in three among people under 24.
   Agnes Malatjie and other members of the Alexandra Dudula movement.
   Image caption,
   Agnes Malatjie (centre) says being called vigilantes won't break the
   Dudula movement's spirit

   The issue of jobs, and access to business opportunities in the township
   has been taken up by a group called the Alexandra Dudula movement.
   Dudula means "to push back" or "drive out" in Zulu.

   It has closed down shops and stalls that it claims are run by illegal
   immigrants. Foreigners like David say it is people from the Dudula
   movement who carried out the violent attacks on them.

   As our team makes its way through the township, we meet a group of
   Dudula activists getting ready to conduct what they call patrols, where
   they demand to see people's immigration papers.

   I ask spokesperson Agnes Malatjie how the group justifies taking the
   law into their own hands.

   "We will not let those names that you called us - 'hooligans,
   vigilantes' - break the spirit of the community who are fighting for
   what's rightfully theirs," she tells me.

   She accuses authorities of not enforcing immigration law or responding
   when South Africans are attacked.

   "If the government does things the right way there won't be
   vigilantism. We also get harassed, we were attacked on 7 March by
   foreign nationals with sticks, weapons. So some things need serious
   attention."
   Township in Johannesburg
   Image caption,
   Immigrants to South Africa say they're scared of vigilante justice

   Alexandra is one of the poorest urban areas in the country, and it sits
   in the shadow of the gleaming skyscrapers of Sandton, Africa's richest
   square mile.

   Its proximity to wealth and opportunity has long attracted newcomers to
   Johannesburg from around the country and the continent.

   But as pressure on resources in this densely-populated area has grown,
   so too has the potential for conflict between recent arrivals and
   existing residents who feel they are being sidelined.

   All of this goes a long way to explaining its cycles of violence, says
   Dr Lufuno Sadiki, a criminologist from the University of Pretoria. She
   explains it using what is known as "strain theory".

   "All of us want a good life, and not all of us have access to a good
   life."

   "In Sandton you don't have to wake up in the morning to empty the
   bucket you've been using as a toilet. You open your tap, you've got
   water. You've got all these resources at your fingertips. And here you
   are just across the road in Alexandra, and every day this is what you
   see.

   "It's like a mirror that magnifies your frustrations. The inequality is
   right in your face. The thing that you want is right across the road
   and yet you can't access it. Sometimes when you don't have answers the
   easiest thing is to attack another person".

   19-year-old John - not his real name - says he too has been on the
   receiving end of several such attacks since he arrived in Johannesburg
   from Mozambique last year.

   He and his friends have a roadside stall where they cook meat and
   porridge to sell to the township's commuters.

   But he says South Africans claiming to be from the Dudula movement have
   attacked them several times, stealing their stock.

   "When Dudula comes they are armed with heavy leather whips, and they
   hit us. When they come we have to run and leave our stuff"

   For John too, the dream was to support his family back in Mozambique.
   He hoped he might even be able to save enough money to buy his first
   car.

   Those dreams now lie in tatters.

   "I'm so scared I'm even thinking of moving to another country," he
   says. "At home in Mozambique they know about our situation in South
   Africa, and they pray for us".

More on this story

     * Fear and loathing in South Africa
          + 27 December 2021
       A street hairdresser in Hillbrow, Johannesburg, South Africa
     * South Africa floods kill more than 300
          + 14 April 2022
       Man walking through a flooded road
     * Inside South Africa’s abandoned gold mines
          + 30 May 2022
       Miner digging for gold
     * Could South Africa mediate in Ukraine?
          + 18 March 2022
       Zelensky, Ramaphosa and Putin

Related Topics

     * Crime
     * Cyril Ramaphosa
     * Racism
     * South Africa
     * Johannesburg

Top Stories

     * Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
          + Published
            1 hour ago
     * Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
          + Published
            2 hours ago
     * 'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
          + Published
            3 hours ago

Features

     * The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
       Lisa and Robert Opala
     * The Moon hoax that fooled the world. VideoThe Moon hoax that fooled
       the world
       The Moon lit up by the Sun
     * Sound Of 2023: Cat Burns writing songs to help fans
       Cat Burns
     *
     * 'My autism made me an artist but I wanted a family'
       David Downes
     * Could this be the world’s tallest man?
       Sulemana Abdul Samed
     * Surfer creates eco-haven with ancient knowhow
       Javier Lijo holds up a cocoa pod
     * World celebrates arrival of 2023
       A person wears 2023 glasses during New Year celebrations in Times
       Square during the first New Year's Eve event without restrictions
       since the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic in the Manhattan
       borough of New York City, New York,
     * NYE in Putin’s Russia - nothing is normal
       President Putin surrounded by troops during his New Year's address
     * Why pleasure is key to losing weight
       Female runner

Elsewhere on the BBC

     * The most unlikely TV hit ever?
       Men Digging
     * Which protein is most climate-friendly?
       Woman Eating Burger
     * The railway that forever changed the US
       Drawing of Train in Mountains

Most Read

    1. 1
       Ukraine claims hundreds of Russians killed in attack
    2. 2
       'I want my father and brother back' - Prince Harry
    3. 3
       Could this be the world’s tallest man?
    4. 4
       'Party capital' Dubai scraps 30% alcohol tax
    5. 5
       Jeremy Renner in hospital after snow plough accident
    6. 6
       Croatia begins new euro and Schengen zone era
    7. 7
       Four dead after Australia helicopters collide
    8. 8
       The nun and the monk who fell in love and married
    9. 9
       Race to free Vietnamese boy stuck in shaft
   10. 10
       Cruise passengers stranded over ship marine growth

BBC News Services

     * On your mobile
     * On smart speakers
     * Get news alerts
     * Contact BBC News

     * Home
     * News
     * Sport
     * Reel
     * Worklife
     * Travel
     * Future
     * Culture
     * Music
     * TV
     * Weather
     * Sounds

     * Terms of Use
     * About the BBC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Accessibility Help
     * Parental Guidance
     * Contact the BBC
     * Get Personalised Newsletters
     * Why you can trust the BBC
     * Advertise with us
     * AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info

   © 2023 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external
   sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-36">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KB3L3M

   Skip to content

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   (*) Search this site
   ( ) Search Brandeis.edu

   (BUTTON) Search (BUTTON) Menu
     * First Steps
          + Get Started
          + Choosing a Program
          + Types of Programs
          + Foreign Language Requirement
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Major/Minor Advising
          + Financial Overview
               o Affording Study Abroad
               o Billing for Off-Campus Study
               o Financial Aid Portability
               o Study Abroad Scholarships
               o Financial FAQs
               o Comparing the Cost of Study Abroad
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
          + Overview of Programs
          + Brandeis in Copenhagen
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Mérida
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Siena
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Faculty
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Brandeis in Siena Artwork Gallery
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
          + Approved Programs
          + Year and Semester Abroad
               o Overview of Year and Semester Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Spend Fall Semester Abroad
               o Eligibility
               o Application Process
          + Summer Abroad
               o About Summer Study Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Eligibility
               o Applications
               o Courses and Credit
               o Financial Information
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis Oxford Affiliations
          + Brandeis Exchange Programs
               o Outgoing Exchange Programs
               o Incoming Exchange Program
          + Fall Midyear Programs
               o Overview of Midyear Programs
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
               o Money Abroad
               o Packing Suggestions
               o Passports and Visas
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + COVID-19 Information
          + Communication While Abroad
          + Health Preparation
          + Insurance and Travel Assistance Coverage
          + Mental Health
          + Safety Precautions
          + Sexual Harassment and Assault
     * Returning to Brandeis
          + Transfer Credit
          + Foreign Transcript Request
          + Brandeis Housing Process While Abroad
          + Returnee Opportunities
     * For Families
          + Information for Families
          + Timelines and Deadlines
          + Supporting Your Student
          + Family Stories
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * For Faculty
          + Materials and Resources
          + Brandeis-Run Program Development
     * About Us
          + Our Mission
          + Contact Us
          + Meet the Staff
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Student Profiles
          + Alumni Profiles
          + Fast Facts
          + Calendar of Events
          + Privacy Statement

     * First Steps
          + Get Started
          + Choosing a Program
          + Types of Programs
          + Foreign Language Requirement
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Major/Minor Advising
          + Financial Overview
               o Affording Study Abroad
               o Billing for Off-Campus Study
               o Financial Aid Portability
               o Study Abroad Scholarships
               o Financial FAQs
               o Comparing the Cost of Study Abroad
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
          + Overview of Programs
          + Brandeis in Copenhagen
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Mérida
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis in Siena
               o Program Overview
               o Academics
               o Faculty
               o Student Life
               o Dates &amp; Schedule
               o Application &amp; Admissions
               o Financial Overview
               o Health, Wellness, and Safety
               o Brandeis in Siena Artwork Gallery
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
          + Approved Programs
          + Year and Semester Abroad
               o Overview of Year and Semester Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Spend Fall Semester Abroad
               o Eligibility
               o Application Process
          + Summer Abroad
               o About Summer Study Abroad
               o Approved Programs
               o Eligibility
               o Applications
               o Courses and Credit
               o Financial Information
               o Frequently Asked Questions
          + Brandeis Oxford Affiliations
          + Brandeis Exchange Programs
               o Outgoing Exchange Programs
               o Incoming Exchange Program
          + Fall Midyear Programs
               o Overview of Midyear Programs
               o Frequently Asked Questions
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
               o Money Abroad
               o Packing Suggestions
               o Passports and Visas
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + Health, Wellness, and Safety
          + COVID-19 Information
          + Communication While Abroad
          + Health Preparation
          + Insurance and Travel Assistance Coverage
          + Mental Health
          + Safety Precautions
          + Sexual Harassment and Assault
     * Returning to Brandeis
          + Transfer Credit
          + Foreign Transcript Request
          + Brandeis Housing Process While Abroad
          + Returnee Opportunities
     * For Families
          + Information for Families
          + Timelines and Deadlines
          + Supporting Your Student
          + Family Stories
          + Frequently Asked Questions
     * For Faculty
          + Materials and Resources
          + Brandeis-Run Program Development
     * About Us
          + Our Mission
          + Contact Us
          + Meet the Staff
          + Study Abroad Ambassadors
          + Student Profiles
          + Alumni Profiles
          + Fast Facts
          + Calendar of Events
          + Privacy Statement

     * Academics
          + Degree Programs
          + Majors and Minors
          + The Brandeis Core
          + School of Arts and Sciences
          + Brandeis International Business School
          + Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
          + Heller School for Social Policy and Management
          + Rabb School of Continuing Studies
          + Rabb School: Graduate Professional Studies
          + Summer School
          + Justice Brandeis Semester
          + Precollege Programs
          + Faculty Guide
          + Information Technology Services
          + Brandeis Library
          + Academic Calendar
     * Admissions &amp; Aid
          + Undergraduate Admissions
          + Brandeis International Business School
          + Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
          + Heller School for Social Policy and Management
          + Graduate Professional Studies (Online Programs)
          + Summer School
          + Precollege Programs
          + Financial Aid
     * Research
          + Research that Matters
          + Resources for Researchers
          + Brandeis Researchers in the News
          + Provost Research Grants
          + Recent Awards
          + Faculty Research
          + Student Research
          + Centers and Institutes
          + Office of the Vice Provost for Research
          + Office of the Provost
     * Athletics
     * Student Life
          + Housing/Community Living
          + Dining
          + Campus Calendar
          + Student Activities
          + Clubs and Organizations
          + Community Service
          + Dean of Students Office
          + Athletics
          + Orientation
          + Hiatt Career Center
          + Spiritual Life
          + Diversity
          + Graduate Student Affairs
          + Directory of Campus Contacts
     * Arts
          + Division of Creative Arts
          + Brandeis Arts Engagement
          + Rose Art Museum
          + Bernstein Festival of the Creative Arts
          + Theater Arts Productions
          + Brandeis Concert Series
          + Public Sculpture at Brandeis
          + Women's Studies Research Center
          + Creative Arts Award
          + Brandeis Tickets
     * About
          + Our Story
          + Our Jewish Roots
          + The Framework for the Future
          + Mission and Diversity Statements
          + Fast Facts
          + Visiting
          + Distinguished Faculty
          + Nobel Prize 2017
          + Notable Alumni
          + Administration
          + Working at Brandeis
          + Commencement
          + Offices Directory

     * Students
     * Faculty &amp; Staff
     * Alumni &amp; Friends
     * Parents &amp; Families

     * Popular Resources
          + COVID-19 Response
          + Workday
          + Campus Calendar
          + News/Media
          + Sites A-Z
          + People Directory
          + Support at Brandeis
          + Latte
          + Shuttle Schedules
          + Employment
          + Working Remotely Resources

Office of Study Abroad

   Home / Resources for Abroad / Identity and Culture Resources / Being a
   Foreigner While Abroad

Being a Foreigner While Abroad

   A Brandeis student in South Africa

   You may encounter both negative and positive stereotypes regarding your
   ethnicity and/or nationality while abroad, and we encourage you to do
   some research to learn a bit more about what it means to be a foreigner
   living and studying in another country.

   Some examples of things you may want to consider are:
     * Politeness: Formal greetings and grammar may be more common. You
       may also find that you receive more personal questions as others
       may be more curious about you. Remember that just because something
       seems impolite to you, it might not actually be impolite within
       your new culture.
     * Speech: Humor and profanity may be perceived differently in a new
       culture and language.
     * Dress: Appropriate clothing varies around the world. Learn about
       the cultural and/or religious background of your new community. Ask
       questions to understand the history behind certain differences in
       dress and do your best to be respectful of those differences.
     * Physical contact: Take special note of social and personal space.
       Different cultures have different ways of saying hello and goodbye
       and different standards of how much physical contact is considered
       appropriate. Also, be observant of the different stages of a
       relationship and the amount of physical contact associated with
       them while you are abroad. A simple pat on the back or a hug could
       prove very uncomfortable for the receiver if the context is
       inappropriate. Read more.
     * Drinking and drunkenness: Be aware of local laws and customs around
       drinking. While in many countries social drinking is common,
       drunkenness is rarely viewed as amusing and in most cases is seen
       as intolerable and insulting.
     * Classroom behavior: Expect your classroom environment to be
       different than here at Brandeis. For example, participating in
       class may not be appropriate, the use of technology may be
       discouraged, classes may be organized differently, and learning may
       take place in new formats.
     * Your identity: Studying abroad may be your first time being a
       minority or being part of the majority in your new country or even
       within your program cohort. Identities around race, religion,
       gender presentation, socioeconomic class, and more, can all play a
       large role in your experience. You may find that others ask you
       more questions or you may find that you ask yourself more questions
       around your identity. Before going abroad, think about what some of
       these questions might be and how you might react to them.

Resources

   20 Tips on Korean Culture for Foreigners

   A blog post by Brandeis student Nico Leger '21, who studied abroad at
   CIEE/ Yonsei University.
   Diversity, Access, and Inclusion Information &amp; Resources
   A collection of external resources related to diversity, access,
   identity, and inclusion abroad, organized by country.
     * First Steps
     * Brandeis-Run Programs
     * Approved Affiliated Programs
     * Resources for Abroad
          + Resources
          + Planning Resources and Tips
          + Identity and Culture Resources
               o Cultural and Identity Resources
               o Athletes Abroad
               o Being a Foreigner While Abroad
               o Cultural Adaptation
               o Dating, Relationships, and Sexual Boundaries
               o Dietary Restrictions Abroad
               o Ethnicity and Race Abroad
               o Forming Friendships
               o Language Learning
               o LGBTQ+ Students Abroad
               o Religion
               o Accessibility Abroad
               o Transgender and Non-Binary Students Abroad
          + Cultural Integration Philosophy
          + Guidelines for Course Selection
     * Health, Wellness, and Safety
     * Returning to Brandeis
     * For Families
     * For Faculty
     * About Us

Brandeis Study Abroad Account

   Existing Users

   New Users

Contact Us

   Usdan 169, MS 073
   Brandeis University
   415 South Street
   Waltham, MA 02453

   781-736-3483
   abroad@brandeis.edu
     *
     *
     *

   Explore
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Brandeis-Led Programs
     * Year/Semester Abroad
     * Summer Abroad
     * Midyear Programs

   Expand
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Student Stories
     * Study Abroad Ambassadors
     * Global Brandeis

   Engage
     __________________________________________________________________

   Office of Study Abroad
   Usdan 169
   MS 073
   Brandeis University
   415 South Street
   Waltham, MA 02453

   781-736-3483
   abroad@brandeis.edu

   Privacy

   Emergencies Abroad
   Excite
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   Brandeis University
   Accessibility Statement
   Privacy
   ©2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-37">
<text>
   #RSS Feed

   The Foreigner's Home
   (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   Home Trailer STORY (BUTTON) Screenings Filmmakers (BUTTON) Press
   Connect DVDs

   (BUTTON) Back 2020 Screenings Past Screenings
   (BUTTON) Back Press Kit News
   (BUTTON)

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Cart 0

   HomeTrailerSTORY Screenings 2020 Screenings Past Screenings Filmmakers
   Press Press Kit News ConnectDVDs
   The Foreigner's Home
   Toni Morrison at the Louvre

   Scroll
   Barbed Wire Title v2.jpg Barbed Wire Title v2.jpg

Purchase DVDs
for Schools &amp; Libraries
HERE



   FH Concept 17 for Website 2.jpg




Toni Morrison at the Louvre

   The Foreigner’s Home is a feature-length documentary film that explores
   the vision and work of Toni Morrison through “The Foreigner’s Home,”
   the 2006 exhibition she guest-curated at the Louvre. Morrison invited
   renowned artists whose work also deals with the experience of cultural
   and social displacement to join her in a public conversation that she
   had been pursuing for years through her own research and writing and in
   her teaching at Princeton University. The film expands that
   conversation, combining exclusive and unreleased footage of the Nobel
   Laureate in dialogue with artists—first, in Paris in 2006 and then, in
   2015, at her home in New York state—with extensive archival film
   footage, music, and still images to present a series of candid and
   incisive exchanges about race, identity, “foreignness,” and art’s
   redemptive power.

   We are thrilled to announce that The Foreigner's Home will have its
   World Premiere this January at the 47th International Film Festival
   Rotterdam (IFFR) in the Netherlands. The film is part of IFFR's program
   Pan-African Cinema Today for January 26 &amp; 28. See more details HERE.



   Foreigners Drawn Text 2 copy.png Foreigners Drawn Text 2 copy.png

Watch the Trailer


   The Foreigner's Home from color.mov.01_54_06_03.Still002.jpg


Filmmakers


Rian Brown

   Rian Brown is an independent filmmaker, visual artist, and Associate
   Professor of Cinema Studies at Oberlin College. She earned her Masters
   of Fine Arts in Filmmaking from the University of California San Diego
   before coming to teach at Oberlin. For the past two decades has
   written, produced, and directed many short films including Into the
   Scrum, Presence of Water, The Settler, and Death of the Moth, which
   have screened internationally at film festivals and museums including
   the L.A. Hammer Museum of Art, Cleveland Cinematheque, Harvard Film
   Archive, The Wexner Center for the Arts, . . . READ MORE

Jonathan Demme

   Jonathan Demme began his career as a writer and producer with Roger
   Corman in 1971 and directed and produced more than 40 movies. His films
   have been nominated for 20 Academy Awards, including Beloved, Melvin
   and Howard, Philadelphia, The Manchurian Candidate, and Silence of the
   Lambs, for which he won the Oscar for Best Director in 1991 . . . READ
   MORE

Geoff Pingree

   Geoff Pingree is an Emmy Award winning documentary filmmaker, a
   photographer, a writer, and Professor of Cinema Studies at Oberlin
   College. He earned both a master’s and doctorate in English and
   American Literature and Film Studies at the University of Chicago and,
   before coming to Oberlin, worked in public television in Washington,
   DC, where he also directed Catholic University’s Program in Media
   Studies and George Washington University’s Institute for Documentary
   Filmmaking. His film work has been broadcast on venues including PBS
   and Discovery . . . READ MORE

Ford Morrison

   Ford Morrison was born in Washington DC on June 18 1961. He studied at
   the University of California at Berkeley and at the Architectural
   Association in London. Morrison, based in New York since 1992, is an
   Architect for Princeton University's Plasma Physics Laboratory . . .
   READ MORE




" The destiny of the twenty-first century
will be shaped by the possibility or collapse of a shareable world."  – Toni
Morrison

Film Subjects


Toni Morrison

   Toni Morrison is recognized as one of the most influential writers in
   American literary history. In 1993, she was the first African American
   woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature. Her eleven major
   novels—The Bluest Eye, Sula, Song of Solomon, Tar Baby, Beloved, Jazz,
   Paradise, Love, A Mercy, Home, and God Help the Child—have earned
   extensive critical acclaim. She received the National Book Critics
   Award in 1978 for Song of Solomon and the 1988 Pulitzer Prize for
   Beloved . . . READ MORE

Edwidge Danticat

   Edwidge Danticat is the author of several books, including Breath,
   Eyes, Memory, an Oprah Book Club selection, Krik? Krak!, a National
   Book Award finalist, The Farming of Bones, The Dew Breaker, Create
   Dangerously, and Claire of the Sea Light. She is also the editor of The
   Butterfly’s Way: Voices from the Haitian Dyaspora in the United States,
   Best American Essays 2011, Haiti Noir and Haiti Noir 2. . . READ MORE



TONI MORRISON AT THE LOUVRE

   Toni 2016-08-09 at 3.29.28 PM copy.png

Music of The Foreigner's Home

   As filmmakers at Oberlin College, we are lucky enough to have ongoing
   relationships with students and faculty at the world-renowned Oberlin
   Conservatory of Music. During the film’s five-year production, we
   worked with many of the Conservatory’s most creative and talented
   students—the great musicians of tomorrow. For the first three years,
   through numerous rough cuts, the film was held together by
   student-created work that set the tone and rhythm of the piece. Later,
   we had the privilege of working with two of the Conservatory’s best
   composers, Jay Ashby, a Grammy winning producer and performer who has
   recorded with some of the industry’s top jazz artists, and Peter V.
   Swendsen, an innovator whose recent work combines field recordings and
   acoustic instruments with electronics and who is currently chair of the
   Technology in Music and the Related Arts Department. Through Jay and
   Peter, we were able to work with prominent Conservatory alumni and
   friends, including Sullivan Fortner and Kim Nazarin, and to record the
   film’s score at Clonick Hall, a state of the art recording studio and
   performance space. The original score, born of an intense and careful
   collaboration among the directors and composers, captures the urgency
   and hope of Toni Morrison’s vision.  View videos about our music
   makers.

JAY ASHBY

   Jay Ashby is a four-time GRAMMY winning producer and has received
   multiple nominations in other categories, including Arranging and
   Engineering. A “consummate musician” whose talents “know few bounds”
   (Pittsburgh Tribune-Review), Ashby has performed, toured, and recorded
   with some of the most renowned jazz artists in the industry for over 30
   years . . . READ MORE

PETER SWENDSEN

   Peter V. Swendsen is interested in creating a sense of place for
   performers and listeners, often by using field recordings and
   real-world processes in music that combines acoustic instruments with
   electronics. Several such pieces are featured on his recent CD,
   Allusions to Seasons and Weather. In 2016, he premiered What Noises
   Remain . . . READ MORE

Who is the Foreigner?

"The relocation of peoples has ignited and disrupted the idea of home
and expanded the focus of identity beyond definitions of citizenship
to clarifications of foreignness."  – Toni Morrison

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)

Hurricane Katrina

   Hurricane Katrina

Slave Family

   Slave Family

Rosa Parks

   Rosa Parks

Slam Poet at the Louvre

   Slam Poet at the Louvre

Syrian Refugees

   Syrian Refugees

   TFH Final 062817.01_50_03_15.Still021.jpg

Syrian Refugees

   Syrian Refugees

Tunisian Refugees

   Tunisian Refugees

Tunisian Refugees

   Tunisian Refugees

   Foreigner's Home
   Toni at the Louvre
   Trailer
   Filmmakers
   Toni Morrison
   Music of The Foreigner's Home
   Who is the foreigner?
     __________________________________________________________________



   Facebook.png Facebook.png
   Ice Lens Logo w address.png Ice Lens Logo w address.png

   Instagram.png Instagram.png
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-38">
<text>
    #alternate alternate alternate Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della
   Cooperazione Internazionale » Feed Ministero degli Affari Esteri e
   della Cooperazione Internazionale » Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate

   This site uses technical, analytics and third-party cookies.
   By continuing to browse, you accept the use of cookies.
   Preferences cookies (BUTTON) Accept cookies

   Go to content

   Italian Government
     * IT
     * EN

Header, social and menu of site

   Logo Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

   Ministero degli Affari Esteri
   e della Cooperazione Internazionale

   Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Follow us:

     *
     *
     *
     *
     * Podcast
     *

Ricerca sito live

   Search on site ____________________
     * digita...

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Close
   Logo Farnesina
     * Farnesina
          + Farnesina
            The Foreign Ministry is vested with the functions and tasks
            assigned to the State in respect of international political,
            economic, social and cultural relations.
               o Go to the section
          + Vice Ministers and Deputy Ministers
               o Structure
               o Online Relevant Legislation
               o Comitato Unico di Garanzia
          + Organo Indipendente di Valutazione (OIV)
               o Il Circolo degli Esteri
               o Associations and Sindacati
               o Comando Carabinieri MAECI
          + Contacts
               o Foreign Diplomatic Missions in Italy
               o Lavora con noi
               o Patronage
     * Minister
          + Minister
            On. Antonio Tajani
               o Go to the section
     * Opportunities
          + Opportunities
            This section contains information on and the links to the
            services and opportunities that the MAECI and the diplomatic
            and consular network offer to a multitude of users, including
            Italian citizens and enterprises and foreign citizens.
               o Go to the section
          + MAECI
               o Scholarships/Grants
               o Youth Exchanges
               o Opportunità nelle OOII
          + Europe Union
               o Opportunità nella Cooperazione internazionale
               o Cultura e lingua
               o Enterprises
     * Transparent Administration
          + Transparent Administration
            This section gives access to data and documents concerning the
            MAECI. The purpose of transparency is to protect citizens’
            interests and to promote widespread control over procedures.
               o Go to the section
          + Disposizioni generali
               o Organizzazione
               o Consulenti e collaboratori
               o Personale
               o Bandi di concorso
               o Perfomance
               o Enti controllati
               o Enti controllati
               o Attività e procedimenti
               o Provvedimenti
          + Controlli sulle imprese
               o Call for tenders
               o Sovvenzioni, contributi, sussidi, vantaggi economici
               o Bilanci
               o Trasparent Accounts
               o Beni immobili e gestione patrimonio
               o Controlli e rilievi sull’amministrazione
               o Servizi erogati
               o Pagamenti dell’Amministrazione
          + Opere pubbliche
               o Pianificazione e governo del territorio
               o Informazioni ambientali
               o Interventi straordinari di emergenza
               o Protezione dati personali
               o Altri contenuti
     * Press Room
          + Press Room
            This section gives access to the archive of the MAECI’s press
            releases, news on the agenda of the Minister and Deputy
            Minister and on issues of general interest.
               o Go to the section
          + Journalists
               o Interviews and Articles
               o News and Press Releases
               o PODCAST – Voci dalla Farnesina
               o #SocialFarnesina
               o Multimedia

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search on site Search on site

    1. Home>gt;
    2. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation>gt;
    3. Legislation online>gt;
    4. Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – Inbound passengers from...

   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on WhatsApp
   Share Share on Social Network

Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – Inbound passengers from China to Italy

   [Coronavirus-COVID-19.jpg]


   29/12/2022

   With a view to identifying and limiting the spread of possible variants
   of the COVID-19 virus, from 28 December 2022 to 31 January 2023, the
   regulations laid down in the Ordinance of the Ministry of Health shall
   apply to all inbound passengers from China. The regulation sets out the
   following provisions:
    1. Before embarking, the obligation for passengers to submit to the
       carrier a certificate proving to have taken a molecular test during
       the 72 preceding hours or an antigen test during the preceding 48
       hours, with a negative test swab result;
    2. The obligation to take an antigen swab test on arrival at the
       airport or, should this be impossible, to take it at the competent
       local health authority within 48 hours from the passenger’s entry
       in the national territory;
    3. In case of testing positive to the antigen test, the obligation to
       immediately take a molecular test in order to enable the virus
       genome sequencing and a period of self-isolation in compliance with
       the current regulations;
    4. The obligation to test negative to another antigen or molecular
       test to end the self-isolation period.

   As long as free from COVID-19 symptoms, the above provisions do not
   apply to children under six, the members of the crew and on-board staff
   on the means of transport of passengers and goods, the officials and
   officers, however defined, of the European Union or of international
   organizations, diplomats, the administrative and technical staff of
   diplomatic missions, the officials and employees of Consulates, the
   military personnel, including those re-entering the Country from
   international missions, the Police Forces, the staff of the Information
   System for the Security of the Republic (Sistema di informazione per la
   sicurezza della Repubblica) and of the Fire Department in the exercise
   of their duties.

   Ordinance of the Ministry of Health – 28/12/2022


   Browse section
     * Normativa altre Amministrazioni - COVID-19
     * Principali disposizioni MAECI
     * Circolari
     * Normativa Consolare
     * Accordi Sindacali

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Whatsapp

   Logo Ministero degli Affari Esteri e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Ministero degli Affari Esteri
e della Cooperazione Internazionale

Footer section

Contact

     * Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation
       Piazzale della Farnesina, 1 00135 Rome Italy
     * Main switchboard
       +39 - 06.36911
     * The MFAIC’s institutionalised and certified e-mail address
       ministero.affariesteri@cert.esteri.it

Office and Diplomatic Network

   All offices

   Diplomatic Network

Office for Relations with the Public (URP)

   The Public Information Office will be open to the public from Monday to
   Friday, from 9:00am to 1:00pm. Access will be by appointment only to be
   made via email (urp@esteri.it) or by phone. The service will continue
   to be guaranteed also by phone and email.

   Phone number (+39) 06.3691.8899 from Monday to Friday, from 8:30am to
   3:30pm

   Please note that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International
   Cooperation will never ask you, for any reason, to give your personal
   information or to make a payment by telephone.

Useful info

   Certified email addresses

   Online Inquiries module

   Faq

Farnesina apps

     * mAPPamondo(IoS) (Android)
     * Crisis Unit app RSS Feed
     * News Alert

Transparent Administration

   Transparent Administration

Useful links

     * Privacy and Cookie Policy
     * Legal notices
     * Accessibility Statement
     * Editorial Committee

     * 2023 Copyright Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International
       Cooperation
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-39">
<text>
Navigation

   (BUTTON) Close menu

   Home
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

     * Events
     * About us
     * Submissions
     * Order
     * Contact

   Newsletter

     * Data protection
     * Imprint

   A service of the ZBW

   (BUTTON) Navigation öffnen

   Intereconomics
   Review of European Economic Policy
   ____________________ Start search
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

   Intereconomics / Volumes / 2022 / Number 5 / Goodbye China: What Do
   Fewer Foreigners Mean for Multinationals and the Chinese Economy?

   Articles

   Volume 57, 2022 · Number 5 · pp. 306–312 · JEL: J61, F23

Goodbye China: What Do Fewer Foreigners Mean for Multinationals and the
Chinese Economy?

   By Frank Bickenbach, Wan-Hsin Liu
     *
     *
     *

   Frank Bickenbach, Kiel Institute for the World Economy, Germany.

   Wan-Hsin Liu, Kiel Institute for the World Economy; and Kiel Centre for
   Globalization, Germany.

   The number of foreigners living in China is very low in international
   comparison and has further declined recently. While the strict
   COVID-19-related travel restrictions played a major role in this
   decline, there are indications that the decline started in part before
   the pandemic and may well continue once the pandemic-related
   restrictions are lifted. Against this background, this article
   discusses the economic challenges that the reduction in the number of
   foreigners is causing for Western multinationals operating in China and
   to the Chinese economy more generally. The consequences could spill
   over to the world economy and reinforce economic and technological
   decoupling tendencies between China and the West.

   According to preliminary results of the 2020 National Census of China,
   there were 845,697 foreigners and an additional 584,998 residents of
   Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan – together 1,430,695 immigrants^1 – living
   in mainland China on 1 November 2020 (NBSC, 2021). This was a
   substantial increase of 410,550 immigrants (40.2%) compared to the
   previous Census of 2010. The increase was greater for foreigners
   (251,865; 42.4%) than for residents of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
   (158,685; 37.2%). Still, the total number of immigrants amounted to
   just 0.1% (and that of foreigners to just 0.06%) of China’s population
   of more than 1.41 billion people.^2 This is an exceptionally low share
   not only compared to Western countries such as the United States
   (15.4%), Germany (15.7%) or France (12.8%) but also compared to China’s
   East Asian neighbours Japan (2.0%) or South Korea (2.3%), or even
   compared to the similarly populous – but economically less developed –
   India (0.4%) (UNDESA, 2022).

   In addition, the overall immigration growth rate of more than 40% from
   2010 to 2020 is the result of very heterogeneous developments across
   Chinese provinces. While the number of immigrants in Yunnan Province in
   South China has increased by about 700% (from 47,396 to 379,281)
   between 2010 and 2020,^3 the number of immigrants has actually
   decreased in several other provinces. This is true, in particular, for
   the municipalities Shanghai and Beijing where the number of immigrants
   has decreased by about 21.4% (from 208,602 to 163,954) and 41.5% (from
   107,445 to 62,812), respectively. And, although the preliminary results
   of the 2020 Census published so far do not provide the numbers of
   foreigners for individual provinces, given the exceptional development
   of the number of immigrants in Yunnan, it can reasonably be assumed
   that the aggregate number of foreigners in the other 30 Chinese
   provinces has actually declined between 2010 and 2020 by roughly 80,000
   persons or about 14.5%, according to a back of the envelope
   estimation.^4

   As the National Census was carried out in late 2020, it has already
   been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the strict travel
   restrictions imposed in response (see below). By this time, an unknown
   number of immigrants had already left China and/or were unable to enter
   or return to China due to these strict travel restrictions. Given that
   foreigners, including expatriates from Western countries, have more
   likely been directly affected by these restrictions than residents from
   Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, these restrictions have certainly
   contributed to the particularly strong decrease in the number of
   immigrants in Beijing and Shanghai, where the number of foreigners has
   been substantially higher than the number of residents from Hong Kong,
   Macao and Taiwan.^5

   Additionally, there is evidence showing that the decade-long increase
   in the number of foreigners living in China had already come to a halt
   or even reversed in China (outside Yunnan) several years before the
   COVID-19 pandemic. Take Shanghai, the most international city in China,
   as an example. While the number of foreigners increased substantially
   from 100,011 in 2005 to 174,192 persons in 2012 (roughly 8% annual
   growth rate); it only increased to 178,335 persons in 2015 (roughly
   0.8% annual growth rate) and then decreased to 172,076 in 2018 (SBS,
   2014-2019). A similar trend reversal can be observed among German
   citizens living in China. According to the 2010 Population Census,
   Germans were the second largest group of Europeans living in China in
   2010 (NBSC, 2012). According to the German Statistical Office, in each
   year from 2001 to 2014, the number of German citizens moving from
   Germany to China exceeded the number of Germans re-migrating from China
   to Germany, resulting in a net migration of 6,325 Germans to China
   between 2001 and 2014 (Destatis, 2022). In contrast, in each year
   between 2015 and 2020, more Germans moved back to Germany from China
   than the other way around, leading to a net remigration of 4,159
   Germans back from China to Germany during this period.

China’s immigration policy

   Given its large population and its developing economic status, China
   does not perceive itself as a potential immigration country.
   Accordingly, the development of China’s immigration policy has been the
   result of a perceived need for China to control and regulate increasing
   immigration flows rather than attempt to actively promote immigration
   or facilitate the integration of immigrants into the Chinese economy
   and society.

   China’s Exit and Entry Administration Law, which was passed in 2012,
   marked an important turning point in China’s immigration policy. Over
   the more than three decades from the beginning of China’s open-door
   policy to the 2012 law, China’s legal and administration framework for
   immigration control and management had been highly fragmented and
   lacked coordination (Zhu and Price, 2013; Pieke, 2014). A large number
   of central and local authorities were involved in entry procedures, and
   the communication and cooperation between them was highly deficient.
   This framework was inadequate to cope with the economic, social and
   security challenges resulting from the surging number of legal and
   illegal immigrants that followed China’s access to the World Trade
   Organization in 2001 (Zhu and Price, 2013). The 2012 law reflected the
   Chinese government’s recognition that China needed a more comprehensive
   regulatory framework for immigration in order to further its national
   development goals. It provides for an immigration policy that strongly
   differentiates the treatment of foreigners by their perceived benefits
   to the Chinese economy. While particularly highly skilled foreigners
   are wanted and welcome given their potential benefits for China’s
   economic development, the entry of illegal or less desirable foreigners
   and their stay in China are to be more strictly controlled and
   countered than before in the interest of national and social security.

   To be sure, China’s strong preference for attracting high-skilled
   immigrants was not first established by the 2012 law. Already in 2004,
   the Measures for the Administration of Examination and Approval of
   Foreigners’ Permanent Residence in China gave preference to foreigners
   whose qualifications meet certain pre-determined criteria. In 2008, the
   Thousand Talents Program was initiated to actively attract highly
   skilled professionals for advanced research, innovation and the
   establishment of high-tech start-ups in China. Since at that time the
   criteria for the so-called preferred high-skill professionals were
   still very high and the policy measures were carried out only
   selectively without comprehensive coordination and supplementary
   hands-on measures, their impact on attracting foreigners, especially
   those without an ethnic Chinese background, were rather limited (Wang,
   2012). Since the 2012 law, the scope of the related policies to attract
   high-skilled foreigners has become broader, reflecting President Xi
   Jinping’s repeated emphasis of the importance of these talents to
   support China’s innovation-driven economic development. The rules and
   regulations related to immigration were further consolidated and
   focused in favour of highly qualified foreigners with the introduction
   of the Permit for Foreigners to Work in China in 2015. This regulation,
   which was implemented nationwide in 2017, formally established a strict
   grading system for foreigners to help China more effectively attract
   international professionals in line with domestic demand.

   Also in 2015, the Chinese authorities started to implement measures to
   ease the visa and residence application procedures and expanded
   immigration services for targeted foreign professionals/high-skilled
   foreign nationals, at first on an experimental basis in a number of
   selected pilot free trade and demonstration zones. In August 2019,
   several of these policies (relating to the facilitation of visas and
   residence permits, including long-term or permanent residence permits
   for specific high-level foreign talent and the establishment of
   immigration service centres) have been implemented nationwide to
   encourage, support and facilitate foreign talent, outstanding young
   foreigners and overseas Chinese to start businesses, invest, innovate,
   study and work in China (Ministry of Public Security, 2019).

   In view of the consolidation of the legal framework and the (selected)
   facilitation of visas and residence approvals, China’s immigration
   policy has become overall more favourable for particularly high-skilled
   foreigners since 2012. By contrast, for most less skilled migrants,
   Chinese immigration policies have become rather more restrictive due to
   stricter enforcement of the restrictive entry and residence regulation
   for this group. At the same time, Chinese public attitudes towards
   foreigners have become more divided, and public resentment towards
   foreigners has been on the rise since about 2015 (Speelman, 2020).
   Against this background, in 2020 the announcement of a public
   consultation on the Regulations Governing the Permanent Residence of
   Foreigners, which is intended to better regulate and also ease
   foreigner’s permanent stay in China, met with strong headwinds and
   harsh criticism from the public. These strong public reactions,
   particularly on social media, even forced the responsible authorities
   to offer public assurance that the regulations will be further
   “improved” and will not be enforced hastily.

COVID-19-based travel restrictions and the decline in the number of
foreigners

   Since March 2020, China has implemented strict travel restrictions to
   deal with the threat of the COVID-19 pandemic. The restrictions imposed
   included a drastic reduction in the number of international passenger
   flights in and out of China, broad restrictions on the issuance of
   visas combined with more complex and time-consuming application
   procedures than before, strict vaccination requirements and stringent
   COVID-19 testing and quarantine requirements both prior to and after
   arrival in China. Despite some adaptations in response to the changing
   global pandemic situation, strict travel restrictions have remained in
   place at least until mid-2022 (the time of writing).

   As a consequence, the number of people, and in particular the number of
   foreigners, crossing China’s border decreased dramatically over the
   past two years. The number of border crossings by foreigners decreased
   from 97.7 million in 2019 to 13.2 million in 2020 and to a mere 4.5
   million (-95.4%) in 2021 (NIA, 2020, 2022). In light of these
   developments, the number of foreigners living in China has likely
   further declined since the reference date of the 2020 National Census
   (1 November 2020). And given the continuation of COVID-19-related
   restrictions and the COVID-19 outbreaks and related strict lockdowns
   in, for example, Jilin and Shanghai in spring 2022, it is likely that
   the number of foreigners living in China will decline even further in
   the near future. In a recent survey among foreigners in Shanghai
   conducted during the strict and long lockdown of the municipality in
   April 2022, 85% of the 950 respondents said that the lockdown has made
   them rethink their future in China. Furthermore, 22% and 26%)of
   respondents said they want to leave China as soon as possible or within
   12 months, respectively. Only 15% of respondents still planned to stay
   in China for the long haul (That’s Shanghai Magazine, 2022).

Implications for Western multinationals in China

   The COVID-19-related travel restrictions and the associated decline in
   the number of foreigners in China have had significant negative
   consequences for many Western companies. Business surveys conducted by
   various chambers of commerce in China in 2021 have found that travel
   and entry restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related human
   resource challenges were by then considered to be among the most
   pressing operational business challenges for Western companies active
   in China. British companies in China surveyed in autumn 2021, for
   example, rated “employing foreign staff” the most burdensome challenge
   for doing business in China in 2021. At the time of the survey, 43% of
   the British companies had existing or new foreign employees outside
   China that were unable to enter the Chinese mainland due to
   COVID-19-related problems of booking suitable flights, securing visas
   for themselves or their dependents or because they were unwilling to
   quarantine (British Chamber, 2022).

   The travel and entry restrictions have significantly exacerbated the
   problems many Western companies in China face in attracting and
   retaining foreign talent. Among the European companies surveyed in
   February 2021, more than 60% of respondents ranked “entry restrictions
   into China due to COVID-19” as one of their top three challenges for
   attracting and for retaining international talent in China at that time
   (European Chamber, 2021a). More than three quarters (and almost
   one-third) of American companies in China surveyed in autumn 2021
   considered it a significant challenge for retaining and recruiting
   international talent in China that qualified candidates were unable
   (and unwilling, respectively) to move to China due to the COVID-19
   restrictions (AmCham China, 2021).

   The COVID-19-related travel and entry restrictions have thus led to a
   reduction of the number (shares) of foreign staff employed by Western
   companies in China. For example, in autumn 2021, 23% of British
   companies surveyed reported a net decrease (vs. only 3% reported a net
   increase) in foreign employees over the past year (British Chamber,
   2021). For 2022, 41% of British companies expected that “a significant
   number of foreign employees will leave China indefinitely”, mainly due
   to emotional strain of prolonged separation from friends and family or
   challenging travel requirements and logistics (British Chamber, 2021,
   23). US companies in China reported an even stronger impact of COVID-19
   restrictions on foreign employment. In late March 2022, about 28% of US
   firms surveyed stated that they had reduced their foreign staff in
   China due to COVID-19 restrictions by more than 20% since the beginning
   of the pandemic, and another 13% of firms by between 10% and 20%. About
   44% of companies expected a further loss of foreign staff, if “current
   COVID-19 restrictions remain in place for the next year” (AmCham China
   and AmCham Shanghai, 2022).

   In line with the general decline in the number of foreigners in China,
   the reduction in the number or share of foreign employees in many
   Western companies in China did not just start with the pandemic.
   According to the German Chamber (2021), for example, the average
   percentage of foreign employees in German companies in China had been
   declining well before the outbreak of the pandemic, decreasing from
   7.1% in 2016 to 6.3% in 2019 and further to 5.4% in 2021. When asked
   about the reasons for replacing foreign employees with local employees,
   30% of responding firms named COVID-19 visa restrictions and 26% the
   visa process in general. However, also about 60% of responding firms
   named the wage level, about 37% better business contacts and 35% (high)
   qualifications of local employees (German Chamber, 2021).^6

   Given the difficulties that companies currently encounter in attracting
   and retaining foreign employees, the decline in the number of foreign
   employees will likely continue. And as the reasons for these
   difficulties are not limited to pandemic-related restrictions, the
   decline is likely to continue even after a (future) lifting of these
   restrictions. According to the European and American companies
   surveyed, those reasons include the unwillingness of qualified
   candidates to relocate to China, high expectations of salary or high
   costs of living and payroll costs, a lack of affordable, quality
   education for children, poor air quality, internet/media restrictions,
   and importantly in the case of American companies also bilateral
   tensions and geopolitical concerns (European Chamber, 2021a; AmCham
   China, 2022).

   Despite COVID-19-related travel restrictions and increasing
   difficulties in retaining and recruiting foreign professionals to
   support their business operations in China, Western companies surveyed
   generally continue to view China as a key market and an attractive
   investment location for the near future. In autumn 2021, almost half of
   British companies surveyed and a large majority of US and German
   companies planned to increase their investment in China over the next
   year or two (British Chamber, 2021; AmCham China, 2022; German Chamber,
   2022).^7 Rather than reducing their China engagement, many companies
   have apparently responded to the challenges by further increasing their
   localisation efforts. For some time now, the majority of European
   companies operating in China have been producing in China primarily for
   the Chinese market and have increasingly been relocating their
   procurement (supply chains) and in some cases also their R&amp;D for the
   Chinese market to China (European Chamber, 2021b). In recent years,
   many companies have further intensified their localisation efforts to
   cope with economic and technological decoupling tendencies spurred by
   political tensions between China and mainly the US but also Europe
   (European Chamber, 2021b; German Chamber, 2022). COVID-19-related
   travel restrictions appear to have reinforced this localisation trend
   by (further) increasing local sourcing and local R&amp;D activities, and
   transferring technical and operational know-how and decision-making
   power to the Chinese subsidiaries (German Chamber, 2022b).

   Overall, the survey results suggest that the replacement of foreign by
   local employees is in part a natural, efficiency-enhancing process, in
   which Western firms take advantage of the growing reservoir of highly
   qualified Chinese workers with well-established local connections to
   reduce (labour) costs and leverage the specific knowledge and
   connections of local workers. The results also suggest, however, that
   many companies are being forced to accelerate this process – beyond
   what they consider optimal – due to significant difficulties in
   attracting and retaining foreign employees. In this case, the (forced)
   replacement of foreign experts by local talent may lead to substantial
   efficiency losses, e.g. in terms of international coordination and
   knowledge transfer within the multinational company. Although the
   number of foreign employees in Western companies in China is generally
   relatively small, they usually hold critical positions that require
   special skills, and they are of great importance in terms of corporate
   culture and the diversity of views in decision-making processes
   (European Chamber, 2021a).

Implications for the Chinese economy

   China’s long-term development goal as emphasised in the 14th Five-Year
   Plan for 2021-2025 is to promote high-quality development that should
   be innovation-driven and predominantly fuelled by the Chinese domestic
   market. Two cornerstones of this new development strategy thus are:
   first, promoting China’s self-reliance and self-improvement in science
   and technology, and second, strengthening China’s domestic economy and
   promoting self-contained domestic supply chains (Bickenbach and Liu,
   2021).

   The observed increase of local sourcing and local R&amp;D activities of
   Western companies over the past years and the amplification of these
   localisation trends by the COVID-19-related travel restrictions may, at
   least on the surface, be in line with the goals emphasised in the
   Five-Year Plan. Other consequences, however, run rather counter to the
   stated goals of the Chinese leadership. The loss of foreign experts and
   China’s reduced attractiveness to foreign talent as well as a decrease
   in knowledge exchange with headquarters abroad that was observed by
   many Western companies (e.g. German Chamber, 2022) are expected to have
   a negative impact on China’s innovation capacity and development. This
   will be felt not only by foreign companies operating in China but also
   by domestic Chinese companies and the Chinese economy as a whole,
   including through reduced knowledge spillovers and learning effects.

   In several key areas, Chinese companies are currently still far from
   the technological leadership that the Chinese government seeks. The
   desired greater self-reliance in science and technology therefore does
   not mean that China does not want (or need) to continue to benefit from
   foreign knowledge. In addition to an increased promotion of its own
   research and innovation, China will continue to seek knowledge and
   technology transfers from abroad. According to the Five-Year Plan,
   China plans to increase its efforts to attract technology-leading
   foreign companies and their research activities, as well as foreign
   scientific and technological talent. In addition, Chinese direct
   investment abroad and targeted acquisitions of leading foreign
   companies in knowledge- and technology-intensive industries are also
   likely to continue to be pursued (Xia and Liu, 2021).

   Similarly, China’s aim of strengthening the domestic market and
   promoting self-contained domestic supply chains should not be
   interpreted as a general retreat from promoting foreign trade and
   investment. The Chinese government also aims to further strengthen
   China’s position as a leading trading power and to foster its
   development towards a manufacturing superpower. For many specific
   technologically and qualitatively demanding (intermediate) products,
   companies in China are currently still dependent on imports and
   suppliers from outside China. China will therefore further need foreign
   trade and investments and the transfer of foreign knowledge to achieve
   its goals.

   Worldwide, the COVID-19 pandemic and governments’ policies to contain
   the disease have led to a sharp decline in international trade and
   foreign direct investment (FDI) in the first half of 2020. Due, in
   particular, to a relatively successful containment of COVID-19
   infections in China, the Chinese economy recovered earlier than many
   other economies. China thereby contributed substantially to the
   recovery of global trade and foreign investment flows, which surpassed
   their pre-pandemic levels already in 2021 (UNCTAD, 2022a, 2022b). Now,
   there is a serious risk, however, that the further development of the
   Chinese economy and particularly its foreign trade and investments will
   be impeded by China’s continuing travel restrictions and recurring
   lockdowns, and in a more long-term perspective by a continuing decline
   in the number of foreigners in China.

   While the negative short-term economic effects of the strict travel
   restrictions and lockdowns are already apparent (NBSC, 2022), it is
   still too early to empirically assess the longer-term economic impact
   of fewer foreigners living in China. The general literature on the
   relation between immigration and trade, investment and innovation
   clearly suggests, however, that the reduced number of foreigners in
   China is likely to have a negative impact on China’s foreign trade and
   investment as well as on its innovation and growth.

   A large number of empirical studies have clearly confirmed that
   international migration and the presence of foreigners increase
   international trade and FDI (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk, 2021).^8
   Immigrants boost demand for products or services from their home
   country, which is satisfied by increased imports or by companies from
   the migrants’ home country that invest and produce these products in
   the migrants’ host country. In addition, and more importantly in
   general, migrants can facilitate and promote international trade and
   investment by reducing information and transaction costs. They can
   provide information about products, preferences, business practices,
   etc. in foreign markets, improve communication between host and home
   countries, or reduce the costs and uncertainties of negotiating and
   enforcing contracts between trade or investment partners in the two
   countries (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk, 2021; Cuadros et al., 2019).
   Overall, the relevant empirical literature confirms significant
   positive effects of immigration on both bilateral trade (imports as
   well as exports) and bilateral FDI (inward as well as outward FDI)
   between migrants’ host and home countries (Hatzigeorgiou and Lodefalk,
   2021). As for the relevance of personal characteristics of migrants, it
   seems that it is mainly migrants’ occupations rather than their
   education levels that determine their effect on trade and FDI. In
   particular, migrants in occupations that are more closely related to
   business decisions, such as managers and, to a lesser extent,
   professionals seem to have a positive impact on trade (Martin-Montaner
   et al., 2014) and FDI (Cuadros et al., 2019).

   International migration is generally also advantageous for fostering
   innovation in the host countries (Breschi et al., 2016; Venturini et
   al., 2018). High-skilled immigrants bring with them skills and
   knowledge that are generally in high demand in the host countries and
   provide complementary inputs that are crucial for knowledge creation
   and innovation (Stephan and Levin, 2001). Their different cultural
   backgrounds increase local cultural diversity which fosters creativity
   and has a positive impact on patenting and innovation and
   entrepreneurship, especially in knowledge- or technology-intensive
   sectors (e.g. Rodríguez-Pose and Hardy, 2015; Niebuhr, 2010). The
   generally more risk-loving attitude of migrants (Huber and Nowotny,
   2020) is an additional feature favouring the uptake of innovation and
   entrepreneurial activities. The presence of foreign managers and
   experts in the local subsidiaries of foreign multinationals facilitates
   an international knowledge transfer within the multinationals and
   increasing productivity in the subsidiaries (Golob Šušteršič and Zajc
   Kejžar, 2019), which may then spill over to local firms particularly
   with increasing localisation of R&amp;D activities of the multinationals.^9

   In light of these general findings, fewer foreigners living in China
   may mean that China misses opportunities to further intensify its
   international engagement via trade and investments, to speed up
   innovation and to achieve its ambitious growth and development goals.

Conclusions

   In several Chinese provinces, including some of its most international
   ones like Beijing and Shanghai, the number of immigrants has declined
   in 2020 compared to 2010. Over the more than two years of
   pandemic-related travel restrictions, the number of foreigners crossing
   China’s border has decreased dramatically and the number of foreigners
   permanently living in China has further declined. Given the
   continuation of strict COVID-19 restrictions, China’s selective and
   still quite restrictive migration policy, and the increasing resentment
   among the public toward foreigners, the number of foreigners living in
   China may well decline even further in the future.

   The travel restrictions and declining foreign workforce have posed huge
   challenges for both Western multinationals operating in China and the
   Chinese economy as a whole. Many multinationals appear to have
   responded to these challenges by further increasing their localisation
   efforts, partially rather out of necessity and at the expense of firm
   performance. For China as a whole, the declining number of foreign
   experts means that the country may miss opportunities for beneficial
   foreign trade and investments as well as technology transfer and
   innovation, leading to losses in growth and development potential.

   The effects of China’s declining foreign workforce and foreign
   population more generally are not confined to the Chinese economy
   exclusively, however. They are expected to spill over to the world
   economy, above all, via its negative impact on international trade and
   investment. Europe, with its many companies operating in China and
   intensive trade and investment relations, is likely to be affected
   particularly strongly. The “people-to-people decoupling” spurred by
   travel restrictions and the declining number of foreigners in China
   more generally could become another amplifier of the more general
   economic and technological decoupling tendencies between China and the
   West. And it will further reduce mutual understanding between China and
   the West not only in business but also in politics and society at
   large.
     * 1 Immigrants in this paper include residents from Hong Kong, Macao
       and Taiwan as well as foreigners from outside the Greater China
       region living in mainland China.
     * 2 This figure refers to mainland Chinese living in China, i.e.
       excluding immigrants in mainland China.
     * 3 In Yunnan, the large majority of foreigners are migrant workers
       from neighbouring countries Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos, who have
       been attracted by large disparities in labour markets between
       Yunnan and these neighbouring countries. In addition, there has
       been a booming cross-border marriage market, attracting many
       migrant women to Yunnan. Percentage of immigrants in Yunnan as a
       share of all immigrants in China has increased from less than 5% in
       2010 to about 27% in 2020.
     * 4 The estimation assumes that the number of residents from Hong
       Kong, Macao and Taiwan in Yunnan has grown at the same rate as for
       China as a whole (37.2%).
     * 5 In Beijing and Shanghai, the shares of foreigners were about
       84.8% and 68.8%, respectively, of the total number of immigrants in
       2010 (NBSC, 2012).
     * 6 About one quarter of respondents named the Individual Income Tax
       (IIT) reform, which was planned to take effect on 1 January 2022,
       but was postponed by two years in December 2021. The reform
       stipulated the elimination of tax exemptions for certain benefits
       for foreigners (e.g. for housing expenses, children’s education
       expenses, language training expenses and home leave expenses),
       which would have resulted in larger tax liabilities for many
       foreign employees.
     * 7 The Omicron outbreaks and subsequent strict lockdowns in Shanghai
       and several other Chinese provinces in spring 2022 seem to have
       soured the investment plans of US companies in China, however. By
       end of March 2022, 17% (29%) of the respondents to a small-scale
       survey of American companies in China stated that the recent
       Omicron outbreak led to a decrease (delay) of planned investments.
       About 50% of companies said they would reduce investments if the
       current COVID-19 restrictions remain in place for the next year
       (AmCham China and AmCham Shanghai, 2022).
     * 8 Most of the studies on the relation between immigration and trade
       and immigration and FDI relate to the effects of immigration to
       North American or European countries. The validity of the results
       for immigration to China is therefore empirically still an open
       question. From a theoretical perspective, however, the trade and
       investment promoting effects of migrants are expected to be larger
       for countries that are less similar culturally and for less
       developed countries, where institutions are weaker and doing
       business with foreigners entails a higher degree of insecurity.
       Migrants may therefore be expected to have a particularly large
       impact on Western companies’ trade and investment relations with
       China.
     * 9 Most of the studies on the migration-innovation nexus focus on
       the US and Europe as host countries. Findings from Bahar et al.
       (2022) suggest, however, that the positive innovation impact of
       international migration is not limited to the developed countries,
       but have also helped to increase innovation in emerging economies.

References

   AmCham China (2022), China Business Climate Report 2022,
   https://www.amchamchina.org/2022-china-business-climate-survey-report/
   (1 April 2022).

   AmCham China and AmCham Shanghai (2022), AmCham China and AmCham
   Shanghai Joint Survey on COVID-19 Business Impact,
   https://www.amcham-shanghai.org/preview (7 April 2022).

   Bahar, D., P. Choudhury, J. M. Sappenfield and S. Signorelli (2022),
   Human Mobility and the Globalization of Knowledge Production: Causal
   Evidence from Multinational Enterprises, Harvard Business School
   Working Paper, 22-047.

   Bickenbach, F. and W.-H. Liu (2021), Chinas neuer Fünfjahresplan:
   Wirtschaftliche Kernelemente und Implikationen für Deutschland und
   Europa, Kiel Focus, 04/21.

   Breschi, S., F. Lissoni and C. N. Temgoua (2016), Migration and
   Innovation: A Survey of Recent Studies, in R. Shearmur, C.
   Carrincazeaux and D. Doloreux (eds.), Handbook on the Geographies of
   Innnovation, Edward Elgar Publishing, 382-398.

   British Chamber (2021), British Business in China: Sentiment Survey
   2021-2022,
   https://www.britishchambershanghai.cn/content/media/2021/12/British-Bus
   iness-in-China-Sentiment-Survey-2021-2022.pdf (1 April 2022).

   Cuadros, A., J. Martin-Montaner and J. Paniagua (2019), Migration and
   FDI: The Role of Job Skills, International Review of Economics &amp;
   Finance, 59, 318-332.

   Destatis (2022), Wanderungen zwischen Deutschland und dem Ausland,
   https://www-genesis.destatis.de/genesis/online?sequenz=tabelleErgebnis&amp;
   selectionname=12711-0008 (7 April 2022).

   European Chamber (2021a), European Business in China: Business
   Confidence Survey 2021,
   https://www.europeanchamber.com.cn/en/publications-archive/917/Business
   _Confidence_Survey_2021 (9 February 2022).

   European Chamber (2021b), Decoupling. Severed Ties and Patchwork
   Globalisation,
   https://www.europeanchamber.com.cn/en/publications-decoupling (1 March
   2021).

   German Chamber (2021), Labor Market and Salary Report 2021 | 2022,
   https://china.ahk.de/market-info/economic-data-surveys/labor-market-and
   -salary-report/ (14 April 2022).

   German Chamber (2022), German Business in China. Business Confidence
   Survey 2021/22,
   https://china.ahk.de/filehub/deliverFile/74912be3-ce50-45a8-8d33-282d4d
   60487b/1407744/AHK-GC_BCS_2122_web.pdf_1407744.pdf (2 May 2022).

   Golob Šušteršič, T. and K. Zajc Kejžar (2020), The Role of Skilled
   Migrant Workers in FDI-Related Technology Transfer, Review of World
   Economics, 156, 103-132.

   Hatzigeorgiou, A. and M. Lodefalk (2021), A Literature Review of the
   Nexus between Migration and Internationalization, Journal of
   International Trade Economic Development, 30(3), 319-340.

   Huber, P. and K. Nowotny (2020), Risk Aversion and the Willingness to
   Migrate in 30 Transition Countries, Journal of Population Economics,
   33(4), 1463-1498.

   Ministry of Public Security (2019), Ministry Press Conference of July
   17, http://www.gov.cn/xinwen/2019-07/17/content_5410621.htm#1 (31 May
   2022).

   NBSC (2012), Tabulation on the 2010 Population Census of the People’s
   Republic of China,
   http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/pcsj/rkpc/6rp/indexch.htm (2 February
   2022).

   NBSC (2021), Major Figures on Population Census of China,
   http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/pcsj/rkpc/d7c/202111/P02021112652366736675
   1.pdf (8 April 2022).

   NBSC (2022), National Bureau of Statistics Spokesman Answered
   Journalists’ Questions on the National Economic Development in April
   2022, http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjsj/sjjd/202205/t20220516_1830518.html
   (31 May 2022).

   NIA (2020), 670 million Arrivals and Departures in 2019,
   https://www.nia.gov.cn/n741440/n741567/c1199336/content.html (2
   February 2022).

   NIA (2022), Key Numbers to Regulate Immigration in 2021,
   https://www.nia.gov.cn/n897453/c1468017/content.html (2 February 2022).

   Niebuhr, A. (2010), Migration and Innovation: Does Cultural Diversity
   Matter for Regional R&amp;D Activity?, Papers in Regional Science, 89(3),
   563-585.

   Pieke, F. N. (2014), Emerging Markets and Migration Policy: China,
   French Institute of International Relations,
   https://www.ifri.org/en/publications/notes-de-lifri/emerging-markets-an
   d-migration-policy-china (2 May 2022).

   Rodríguez-Pose, A. and D. Hardy (2015), Cultural Diversity and
   Entrepreneurship in England and Wales, Environment and Planning A:
   Economy and Space, 47(2), 392-411.

   SBS (2014-2019), Shanghai Statistical Yearbook 2014-2019,
   http://tjj.sh.gov.cn/tjnj/index.html (13 April 2022).

   Speelman, T. (2020, 21 December), Chinese Attitudes Toward Immigrants:
   Emerging, Divided Views, The Diplomat.

   Stephan, P. E. and S. G. Levin (2001), Exceptional Contributions to US
   Science by the Foreign-Born and Foreign-Educated, Population Research
   and Policy Review, 20, 59-79.

   That’s Shanghai (2022), 85% of Shanghai Expats Rethinking Their Future
   in China,
   https://www.thatsmags.com/china/post/34336/survey-85-of-foreigners-reth
   inking-their-future-in-china (27 April 2022).

   Wang, H. (2012), China’s Competition for Global Talents: Strategy,
   Policy and Recommendations, Research Reports, May 24, Asia Pacific
   Foundation of Canada,
   https://www.asiapacific.ca/sites/default/files/filefield/researchreport
   v7.pdf (10 April 2022).

   UNDESA (2022), International Migrant Stock 2019: Country Profiles,
   https://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/data/estima
   tes2/countryprofiles.asp (8 April 2022).

   UNCTAD (2022a), Global Investment Trend Monitor, 40,
   https://unctad.org/webflyer/global-investment-trend-monitor-no-40 (31
   May 2022).

   UNCTAD (2022b), Global Trade Update (February 2022),
   https://unctad.org/webflyer/global-trade-update-february-2022 (31 May
   2022).

   Venturini, A., S. Kalantaryan and C. Fassio (2018), High-Skilled
   Immigration and Innovation, in M. Czaika (ed.), High Skilled Migration,
   Oxford University Press, 151-175.

   Xia, X. and W.-H. Liu (2021), China’s Investments in Germany and the
   Role of COVID-19 Pandemic, Intereconomics, 56(2), 113-119,
   https://www.intereconomics.eu/contents/year/2021/number/2/article/china
   -s-investments-in-germany-and-the-impact-of-the-covid-19-pandemic-6523.
   html (2. September 2022).

   Zhu, G. and R. Price (2013), Chinese Immigration Law and Policy: A Case
   of ‘Change Your Direction or End Up Where You are Heading’?, Columbia
   Journal of Asian Law, 26(1).

   © The Author(s) 2022

   Open Access: This article is distributed under the terms of the
   Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
   (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

   Open Access funding provided by ZBW – Leibniz Information Centre for
   Economics.

   Springer Link
   DOI: 10.1007/s10272-022-1075-0

Search results on EconBiz

     * How do low-skilled immigrants adjust to Chinese import shocks? :
       evidence using English language proficiency
       Furtado, Delia; Kong, Haiyang
     * South-South labour migration and the impact of the informal
       China-Ghana gold rush 2008-13
       Botchwey, Gabriel; Crawford, Gordon; Loubere, Nicholas; Lu, Jixia
     * Afro-Chinese labour migration
       Obeng-Odoom, Franklin
     * Are Poland and Ukraine gravity centres for each other? Study on the
       labour migration patterns
       Sokołowicz, Mariusz E.; Lishchynskyy, Ihor
     * Are Poland and Ukraine gravity centres for each other? : study on
       the labour migration patterns
       Sokołowicz, Mariusz E.; Lishchynskyy, Ihor

   Show all results

Related articles in Intereconomics

     * Integration of Immigrants in European Labour Markets
       Mikkel Barslund; Pieter Bevelander; Matthias Busse; Nahikari
       Irastorza; Yuliya Kosyakova; Nadzeya Laurentsyeva; Karolien
       Lenaerts; Lars Ludolph; Vilde Renman; Steffen Sirries; Arthur
       Sweetman; Alessandra Venturini
     * Large-Scale Immigration and Labour Market Integration: First
       Lessons from the Recent Past in Germany
       Yuliya Kosyakova; Steffen Sirries
     * The Labour Market Participation of Humanitarian Migrants in Sweden:
       An Overview
       Pieter Bevelander; Nahikari Irastorza
     * Canada’s Immigration System: Lessons for Europe?
       Arthur Sweetman
     * 2017: The Year of European Populism?
       Clemens Fuest

Subscribe to our newsletter

   Sign up now

   Intereconomics is published by ZBW – Leibniz Information Centre for
   Economics and CEPS – Centre for European Policy Studies. Intereconomics
   is a platform for the publication of policy relevant aspects of
   economic research. It provides up-to-date information for policymakers
   and supports the exchange of ideas for the improvement of policy
   approaches. Intereconomics represents over 50 years of economic policy
   oriented publishing.

   More about us

   Home
     * Current issue
     * Volumes
     * Authors

     * Events
     * About us
     * Submissions
     * Order
     * Contact

     * Imprint
     * Data protection

   ZBW – Leibniz-Informationszentrum Wirtschaft / Leibniz Information
   Center for Economics CEPS – Center for European Policy Studies Member
   of Leibniz-Gemeinschaft Springer
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-4">
<text>
   #The Haitian Times » Feed The Haitian Times » Comments Feed The Haitian
   Times » iCal Feed The Haitian Times » To some Haitians, another foreign
   military force would be “greatest humiliation” Comments Feed alternate
   alternate alternate alternate

   (BUTTON) Close

     * SIGN IN
     * SUBSCRIBE

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

     * Haiti News
     * Haiti Politics
     * New York
     * Florida
     * Haitian Diaspora
     * U.S. Politics
     * Event Calendar
     * Video

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

   (BUTTON) Close

   Skip to content

   |

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

   The Haitian Times

   The Haitian Times

   Bridging the gap

     * SIGN IN
     * SUBSCRIBE

   (BUTTON) Open Search
   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   (BUTTON) Menu

     * Haiti News
     * Haiti Politics
     * New York
     * Florida
     * Haitian Diaspora
     * U.S. Politics
     * Event Calendar
     * Video

     * TOPICS
     * Arts &amp; Culture
     * Sports
     * Opinion
     * Business &amp; Technology
     * Health &amp; Science
     * Travel

   Home » Haiti » To some Haitians, another foreign military force would
   be “greatest humiliation”

   Posted inHaiti

To some Haitians, another foreign military force would be “greatest
humiliation”

   Avatar photo Avatar photo Avatar photo Avatar photo by Murdith Joseph,
   Juhakenson Blaise and Onz Chéry Oct. 12, 2022Oct. 12, 2022
   gas station Residents walking past a gas station in Port-au-Prince
   during a fuel shortage in September 2022. Photo by Marvens Compere for
   The Haitian Times

   PORT-AU-PRINCE — The Haitian government’s request for international
   military forces to stop the country’s humanitarian crisis and restore
   security has raised the ire of many Haitians who insist Haitian
   institutions should take the lead. Calling the crises a ploy to draw in
   foreign forces in the first place, some also vowed to protest anew
   against such measures.

   “We should chain the doors of all offices of public institutions until
   Prime Minister Ariel Henry leaves,” said Ebens Cadet, spokesperson of
   Nou Konsyan, an anti-corruption activist group in Port-au-Prince. “We
   should also gather in front of the different countries’ embassies in
   Haiti, including the United States, France and Canada, to make
   ourselves heard.”

   “We do not accept the presence of foreign forces on our territory,”
   Cadet said.

   Henry issued a formal appeal Oct.7 requesting the help of international
   armed forces to restore order in Haiti amid its spiraling economic,
   political and criminal crises, aggravated by the re-emergence of a
   cholera outbreak. The request document, signed by 19 members of Henry’s
   government, states the leaders are alarmed by the risk of a major
   humanitarian crisis partly caused by armed gangs and asks for “the
   immediate deployment of a specialized armed force, in sufficient
   quantity.”

   “It is imperative to restart activities to avoid a complete
   asphyxiation of the national economy,” the document states.

   To many Haitians, the request is a threat to Haiti’s sovereignty, an
   insult to Haitian people — the chief reasons among a litany cited
   against foreign military intervention.

   “This decision is a sham for the authorities to bring in a foreign
   force capable of helping them perpetuate their power since they cannot
   lead,” said Valery Voltaire, a Port-au-Prince social worker.

   Cliford Andrieux, a resident of Delmas, is among many in the
   Port-au-Prince neighborhood who strongly reject the idea of yet another
   international intervention.

   “Ariel Henry is a ‘national threat’ who must be dismissed as head of
   the country following his call for a foreign force on Haitian soil,”
   said Cliford Andrieux, resident of Delmas. “If we allow foreign forces
   to trample our territory, we can start calling ourselves worthless.”

   “The bandits who prevent the Haitian people from living are at the
   service of the inequality system,” he said. “We’d be wrong to believe
   that foreign forces will come and destroy the system.”

   Economist Etzer Emile is among those who believe in supporting Haitian
   institutions instead.

   Subscribe to The Haitian Times for the most comprehensive coverage of
   Haiti and the Haitian diaspora.
   SUBSCRIBE FOR UNLIMITED ACCESS

   “Instead of agreeing to strengthen the PNH, equip it, treat it well and
   grant it the freedom to do its job, our leaders preferred to protect
   and facilitate the gangs to create an unlivable situation where
   everyone gets desperate and ends up believing that only the whites can
   save us,” Emile said.

   Nicolas Joseph, a resident of Santo, feels similarly about supporting
   the Haitian police force over foreigners. However, he added, Haiti’s
   government must set up trade and job training programs for the most
   vulnerable and cut off the flow of ammunition and weapons into Haiti.

   “A foreign force on Haitian soil is not necessary,” Joseph said. “We
   need help in materials for the police so that they are well equipped to
   stop the gangs. We all know that the country has already known several
   foreign forces, but they have done more harm. After their departure,
   the insecurity spread like never before.”

   Over in the Northern Department, scores of residents are also against
   the military intervention and said it is part of a plan that will not
   benefit Haitians.

   “Military forces invading Haiti would be the greatest humiliation for
   us,” said Blondel Joseph, 55, a Saint-Raphael entrepreneur. “They [the
   international community] created the problems. They wanted to kick us
   to the ground so we don’t have a choice when they come into the country
   and rule it again.”

   Also, Joseph and some others, say United Nations Stabilization Mission
   in Haiti (MINUSTAH) soldiers were accused of rape, human trafficking,
   having sex with minors and other crimes during their time in Haiti.
   That’s a downside they would not want to see again.

   Others said a special armed force will not resolve the many issues
   Haiti is facing.

   “Certainly their presence will calm the climate and that is all. It
   will not change the problems facing the country,” Pierre Rubens Ernest
   said.

   If the request is granted, Haiti would be seeing the presence of
   foreign military forces for the fifth time in about 100 years: a United
   States occupation from 1915 to 1934; the U.S.-led Operation Uphold
   Democracy in 1994 to return Jean Bertrand Aristide to power; UN
   missions under various names between 1995 and 2000; and MINUSTAH from
   2004 to 2017.

   Fritz Alphonse Jean, the provisional president designated by the
   Montana Accord, said throughout the history of foreign interventions in
   Haiti, they have never achieved their objective.

   “It’s a national disgrace that in 2022, there are actors waiting with
   open arms for a military intervention,” Jean said in a youtube video
   released Oct. 7. “They are waiting for the foreigner instead of working
   to find a consensus to put the country on the path of progress and
   social peace.”

Related

   Tagged: Ariel Henry Haiti, Ebens Cadet Haiti, Haiti protests, invasion
   of Haiti, military intervention Haiti, Nou Konsyan Haiti
   Avatar photo Avatar photo

Murdith Joseph

   Genevieve@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Murdith Joseph is a social worker and journalist. She studied at the
   State University of Haiti and Maurice Communication. She first worked
   as a journalist presenter and reporter for Radio Sans Fin (RSF) then as
   a journalist reporter for Radio tele pacific and writting for the daily
   Le National. Today she joined the Haitian Times team and covers the
   news in Port-Au-Prince-Haiti.
   More by Murdith Joseph
   Avatar photo Avatar photo

Juhakenson Blaise

   juhakenson@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *

   I am Juhakenson Blaise, a journalist based in the city of
   Port-au-Prince, Haiti. I cover the news that develops in this city and
   deals with other subjects related to the experience of Haitians for the
   Haitian Times newspaper. I am also a lover of poetry.
   More by Juhakenson Blaise

Onz Chéry

   onz@haitiantimes.com
     *
     *
     *

   Email me at onz@haitiantimes.com
   Onz Chery is a Haiti correspondent for The Haitian Times. Chery started
   his journalism career as a City College of New York student with The
   Campus. He later wrote for First Touch, local soccer leagues in New
   York and Elite Sports New York before joining The Haitian Times in
   2019.
   More by Onz Chéry

Join the Conversation

   49 Comments
    1.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 12:45 pm
       Le Canada et Les Casques Bleu, L’ancien Premier Ministre Du Canada
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toWwtg2DMeU
       Reply
    2.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 12:54 pm
       UN , There are people watching, this organization is a joke, an
       enabler of neo-colonists .
       The Visual History of the UN’s Blue Hemlets and their Interventions
       around the world since 1958.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbM9CEfFezE
       Reply
    3.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:03 pm
       Le resultat de Les Nations Unis . Il veulent retourner pour faire
       les meme choses.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbWsJlVQhYE
       Reply
    4.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:09 pm
       Seulement Les Militaires ont ete retire en Haiti en 2019 apres une
       demande des Etats Unis , La Force Binuh qui consiste de policiers
       etrangers reste en Haiti.
       https://binuh.unmissions.org/en
       Reply
    5.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:13 pm
       Footage of UN peacekeepers (Uruguayans )in Haiti and other
       countries with UN military missions.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkzhxii_8Po
       Copyright (AP(
       Reply
    6.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:38 pm
       L’autre pays concerne par les Nations Unis pour envoyers des Forces
       Armee dans L:affaire Soudan du Sud- Soudan Du Nord, Guerre Civil
       dans le Soudan Du Sud -Darfur, Instabilite, et les pays regionales
       et leur interets dans le Soudan comme L’egypte, La Lybie, Le Maroc,
       et le Mauritanie.
       Reply
    7.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 1:46 pm
       The US Army and The Military Mercenaries in Latin America:
       Case in Point :Costa Rica disbanded in favor of Armored and Secret
       Police Units.
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tj-TWVF2OQ0
       Reply
    8.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:02 pm
       Les Soldats Sri Lankais qui on cause le cholera en 2011 apres leur
       guerre contre Les Tamils de Elam. Les Nations Unix n’ont pas
       intervenu.
       y and history, the Tamil word used is ‘illankai.’ It was this wide
       usage of the term illankai and the understanding of its common
       origin that led to the approval of the term illankai in all the
       official documents. In fact, it could be argued that it was this
       welcome degree of understanding that enables the Tamils to identify
       themselves with this island as their country. The constitution of
       the day accepted the usage of this term.
       However, in recent times there is a demand to use the term Sri
       Lanka only and leaving out the term illankai.
       At least in the English media, ever since the late Mervyn de Silva
       with his characteristic journalistic flourish called the Tiger-led
       combat struggle against the state as the’Eelam war,’ the term eelam
       has gained an ominous significance to the Sinhala reader.
       In the minds of the Sinhala people, this word denotes separatism
       and is associated with L.T.T.E. attacks. The role of the mainstream
       Sinhala media in creating suspicion in the minds of the Sinhala
       people has been substantial.
       The absence of an institution which would help enable the fostering
       of understanding between the communities has only worsened the
       situation, and it’s also true that there had been no effort on the
       part of the Sri Lankan Tamils to communicate to the Sinhalese the
       real meaning of the terms they use.
       It is true that in the separatist demand made by all the militant
       organizations, the term Eelam is there, but it is a compound term
       with the qualifying word Tamil. Thus, the term is Tamil Eelam. In
       fact, TELO stands for Thamil Eelam Liberation Organization and the
       short in form L.T.T.E. stands for Liberation Tigers of Thamil
       Eelam.
       The operative part is Thamil Eelam and it means the Tamil part of
       Eelam. The term Eelam is a synonym for Sri Lanka and has been in
       use in Tamil literature right from the Cankam Period dating as far
       back as 200 B.C. to circa 250 A.D. Pattinapalai, a long poem of the
       Cankam period on Karikala the Chola king, refers to the various
       imports piled up at the Pukar harbour.
       Two of the commodities identified are ‘Eelathu Unavu’, ‘Kalakathu
       Akkaam.’ The first one means food from Sri Lanka, and the latter
       refers to products from Kaalakam (kedah). We do not know what the
       foodstuffs that were sent from Sri Lanka to the southeastern
       harbour city of Tamil Nadu.
       The Tamil- Brahmi inscriptions refer to an ‘Eelathu Kutumbikan,’
       meaning a householder from Eelam. Kutumbikan is the Tamil word for
       ‘gihi’ and therefore refers to a Buddhist. Incidentally, this
       reference indicates that there has been a free flow of Buddhists
       from Sri Lanka into Tamil Nadu and vice-versa.
       Later day Tamil inscriptions, especially one from the Chola period,
       refers to ‘Sinhalar Eella Mandilams,’ meaning the Eela regional
       unit of the Sinhalese. It is quite clear that the Sinhalese
       themselves had been associated with Eelam. It is a known fact Eelam
       constituted an administrative unit during the Chola period 1017 to
       1070 A.D.
       The term Eelam has cultural connotations and the first poet from
       Sri Lanka participating in the Cankam poetic gatherings was a poet
       call Eellathu Putan Thevan.
       To this day Sri Lankan Tamil literature is referred to as Eelathu
       Ilakkiyam. The contribution of the Muslims and Up-Country Tamils
       falls within the Tamil literature of Eelam. The Muslims are equally
       proud of the term as the Tamils are, especially when the reference
       is made to Sri Lankan Tamil Literature.
       It may come as a big shock to many to know of the etymology of the
       term Eelam. It is the opinion of learned Tamil scholars like the
       late Professor Kanapathipillai, that the term Eelam must have been
       derived from ‘Hela’. Thus in real terms eelam is an integral part
       of the helaurumaya (The hela heritage).
       When, after the 1972 constitution, the Federal Party was pushed
       toward the formation of the Tamil United Front and towards the
       declaration of a separate Tamil country, the term Tamil Eelam was
       not very much in vogue.
       It was the Tamil militants who popularized the term Thamil Eelam.
       Unfortunately, only the word Eelam is retained of this compound
       form, and this very word itself is now taken to mean a separate
       Tamil country. Given the long presence of the Tamils in this
       country and their devotion to this island as their motherland, has
       invariably led to the use of the term Eelam to denote the entire
       island.
       The Tamil word for Sri Lanka is ILANKAI. It is the Tamilicised form
       of the word Lanka. In Tamil language there has been no tradition
       for “LA” to be the initial sound in a word. Thus, the vowel sound E
       comes first and the word is pronounced as Illankai.
       This term it is quite old. Cilapathikaram, the Tamil epic that
       deals with the history of the Kannaki, the Pattini venerated in the
       Sinhala Buddhist tradition, narrates how Gajabahu brought the
       Pattini cult to Sri Lanka.
       The famous line in Cilapathikaram runs as follows ‘Kadal chool
       illankai kayavahu venthan’ and the word illankai is used here to
       refer to Sri Lanka. Cilapathikaram today is generally taken as a
       work belonging to the 5th century A.D. Thus the term illankai, too,
       has been invoked to refer to the island.
       In geography and history, the Tamil word used is ‘illankai.’ It was
       this wide usage of the term illankai and understanding of its
       common origin that led to the approval of the term illankai in all
       the official documents. In fact, it could be argued that it was
       this welcome degree of understanding that enables the Tamils to
       identify themselves with this island as their country. The
       constitution of the day accepted the usage of this term.
       However, in recent times there is a demand to use the term Sri
       Lanka only and leaving out the term illankai. The insistence of
       this usage has led to an interesting situation in which the Tamils,
       when they wish to refer to the Sinhala government, call it the Sri
       Lankan state and the security forces two are refered to as Sri
       Lankan state forces. The implication is quite clear that these
       institutions have nothing to do with the Tamils.
       If we have to develop a sense of understanding between the
       communities, it is important that the cultures of the other group
       are recognized and respected.
       The deprivation of the use of the term Eelam/Illankai for Sri Lanka
       would only foster a sense of alienation from this island and anyone
       who wants a peaceful settlement would understand the Sri Lankan
       Tamil psyche. It is wrong to impute meanings, which do not exist.
       Reply
    9.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:20 pm
       The United Nations is Not doing Doing Anything: Just keep on
       whining, enable neo colonist , neo imeperialism, and collect
       exhorbitant dues for unequal reprensentation.
       Reply
   10.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:22 pm
       ding to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ most
       recent report, the number of people forced to flee conflict,
       violence, human rights violations and persecution has now surpassed
       100 million for the first time on record. Of that number, over 26
       million are refugees – people who have crossed international
       borders to find safety — another tragic milestone.
       Millions of lives derailed, countless dreams and aspirations
       shattered. But not all hope is lost.
       On May 30, Manyang Lual Jok crossed the stage on McGill’s lower
       campus to collect his BA in Computer Science and Economics during
       Spring Convocation, just five years removed from the Kakuma Refugee
       Camp in Kenya, where he had spent more than half his life. A native
       of South Sudan, Jok fled his war-torn homeland when he was nine
       years old.
       Jok is the most recent success story of the WUSC McGill Student
       Refugee Program. Since its establishment in 1986, WUSC McGill – a
       branch of World University Services Canada (WUSC) – has sponsored
       over 60 student refugees to resettle in Canada and pursue their
       education at McGill. Currently, 15 WUSC scholars are pursuing their
       studies at McGill. WUSC McGill is in full preparation to welcome
       eight new scholars this fall, including, for the first time, two
       Afghan scholars. This is WUSC McGill’s largest cohort to date.
       Run by students, funded by students
       It is a program unlike most others.
       WUSC McGill is a student-run club of the Students’ Society of
       McGill University that provides a year of full financial
       sponsorship, integration assistance, and a community of support.
       The program is funded through a $4 levy collected from all McGill
       students every semester based on student referendum, which is
       administered by the Scholarships &amp; Student Aid Office.
       “The SRP is unique because this peer-to-peer resettlement is not
       the regular pathway that the government uses to resettle refugees,”
       says Alice Ishimwe, WUSC McGill’s Student Refugee Program
       Coordinator. “I’ve been invited to speak in other countries and
       they don’t have programs like this where youth are doing what
       organizations and governments usually do.”
       Five pillars of the program
       World University Service of Canada is a non-profit organization
       that fosters youth-centered solutions for improved education,
       economic, and empowerment opportunities to overcome inequality and
       exclusion in countries across Asia, Africa and the Americas.
       WUSC Student Refugee Program Local Committees operate on five
       pillars: academic integration; social integration; health and
       well-being; financial support; and self-reliance. WUSC works with
       over 100 Canadian universities, colleges, and CEGEPs to bring
       scholars to Canada.
       Reply
   11.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:37 pm
       February 2004, US, Canada and Chilean Troops invaded Haiti’s
       national palace either on the orders of President George Bush II or
       Haitian President Jean Betrand Aristide asked to be evacuated for
       fear of a looming civil war threat as the forces of former police
       Chief Guy Phillipe approached. Following later press reports, it
       was mentioned it was Bush who called in a favor to Ricardo Lagos ,
       former Chilean President who obliged , and many Haitians who don’t
       like Aristide never forget him for inviting South African troops to
       Haiti’s Bicentennial in in January 2004. Now fast foward 2022, with
       a sizable Haitian diaspora in Chile, a country that facing economic
       crises and PM Ariel Henri attended the inaguration of the newly
       elected Chilean President, yet he is focusing on Turkiye(Fka
       Turkey) controlled by the egomaniac Reyip Edorgan, former Mayor of
       Istanbul, Former Justice Minister, Former Prime Minister,and now
       the President who holds great influence in NATO as an associate
       member with same privileges as the European members Allies.
       ——————————————————————————-
       ding to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ most
       recent report, the number of people forced to flee conflict,
       violence, human rights violations and persecution has now surpassed
       100 million for the first time on record. Of that number, over 26
       million are refugees – people who have crossed international
       borders to find safety — another tragic milestone.
       Millions of lives derailed, countless dreams and aspirations
       shattered. But not all hope is lost.
       On May 30, Manyang Lual Jok crossed the stage on McGill’s lower
       campus to collect his BA in Computer Science and Economics during
       Spring Convocation, just five years removed from the Kakuma Refugee
       Camp in Kenya, where he had spent more than half his life. A native
       of South Sudan, Jok fled his war-torn homeland when he was nine
       years old.
       Jok is the most recent success story of the WUSC McGill Student
       Refugee Program. Since its establishment in 1986, WUSC McGill – a
       branch of World University Services Canada (WUSC) – has sponsored
       over 60 student refugees to resettle in Canada and pursue their
       education at McGill. Currently, 15 WUSC scholars are pursuing their
       studies at McGill. WUSC McGill is in full preparation to welcome
       eight new scholars this fall, including, for the first time, two
       Afghan scholars. This is WUSC McGill’s largest cohort to date.
       Run by students, funded by students
       It is a program unlike most others.
       WUSC McGill is a student-run club of the Students’ Society of
       McGill University that provides a year of full financial
       sponsorship, integration assistance, and a community of support.
       The program is funded through a $4 levy collected from all McGill
       students every semester based on student referendum, which is
       administered by the Scholarships &amp; Student Aid Office.
       “The SRP is unique because this peer-to-peer resettlement is not
       the regular pathway that the government uses to resettle refugees,”
       says Alice Ishimwe, WUSC McGill’s Student Refugee Program
       Coordinator. “I’ve been invited to speak in other countries and
       they don’t have programs like this where youth are doing what
       organizations and governments usually do.”
       Five pillars of the program
       World University Service of Canada is a non-profit organization
       that fosters youth-centered solutions for improved education,
       economic, and empowerment opportunities to overcome inequality and
       exclusion in countries across Asia, Africa and the Americas.
       WUSC Student Refugee Program Local Committees operate on five
       pillars: academic integration; social integration; health and
       well-being; financial support; and self-reliance. WUSC works with
       over 100 Canadian universities, colleges, and CEGEPs to bring
       scholars to Canada.
       Reply
   12.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:39 pm
       February 2004, US, Canada and Chilean Troops invaded Haiti’s
       national palace either on the orders of President George Bush II or
       Haitian President Jean Betrand Aristide asked to be evacuated for
       fear of a looming civil war threat as the forces of former police
       Chief Guy Phillipe approached. Following later press reports, it
       was mentioned it was Bush who called in a favor to Ricardo Lagos ,
       former Chilean President who obliged , and many Haitians who don’t
       like Aristide never forget him for inviting South African troops to
       Haiti’s Bicentennial in in January 2004. Now fast foward 2022, with
       a sizable Haitian diaspora in Chile, a country that facing economic
       crises and PM Ariel Henri attended the inaguration of the newly
       elected Chilean President, yet he is focusing on Turkiye(Fka
       Turkey) controlled by the egomaniac Reyip Edorgan, former Mayor of
       Istanbul, Former Justice Minister, Former Prime Minister,and now
       the President who holds great influence in NATO as an associate
       member with same privileges as the European members Allies.
       ——————————————————————————-
       relations with Türkiye, Chile has opened a new embassy building in
       the Turkish capital, Ankara.
       The building was opened with a ceremony that was attended by
       distinguished guests, including senior Turkish and foreign
       diplomats, bureaucrats and deputies.
       During his speech, Chile’s ambassador to Türkiye, Rodrigo E. Arcos,
       underscored his country’s eagerness to further improve relations
       with Ankara.
       Reiterating that Chile was among the first countries to establish
       diplomatic relations with the nascent Republic of Türkiye, he said:
       “Since then, we have developed a fraternal relationship based on
       our common interests, based on our national goals.”
       Drawing attention to the intense high-level diplomatic dialogue
       between the two countries, Arcos praised Turkish diplomacy for its
       professionalism and its efforts at the regional and global levels.
       Identically, Turkish deputy Orhan Kırcalı, president of the
       Türkiye-Chile Parliamentary Friendship Group, expressed his hope
       that the building would contribute to the further enhancement of
       bilateral relations.
       “We are working and will continue to work to develop strategies in
       many areas to improve our cooperation for the benefit of both
       countries,” he said.
       Speaking to Anadolu Agency (AA), Özge Tüysüzoğlu, director of the
       Chilean Trade Office in Türkiye, drew attention to the fact that
       Chile is the only country in the Americas with which Türkiye has a
       free trade agreement.
       That Türkiye’s exports to Chile increased by 140% in 2021 proves
       the success of the agreement, she said, noting that Chilean food
       exporters seriously consider utilizing Türkiye as a hub to access
       wider regional markets.
       Türkiye, with its location and developed infrastructure, is
       considered an ideal location, Tüysüzoğlu added.
       Türkiye maintains good relations with Chile in all areas. The
       establishment of the bilateral relations between Türkiye and the
       Republic of Chile traces back to the Protocol of Consular Affairs
       signed in 1913, during the Ottoman Empire era. With the Treaty of
       Friendship and Cooperation signed on Jan. 30, 1926, Chile became
       the first Latin American country to recognize the new Turkish
       republic.
       Our first diplomatic mission in Santiago became operational in
       1930, however, it was closed the following year. Later on, it
       became operational in 1944 once again and was elevated to the level
       of an embassy in 1954. On the other hand, the first Embassy of
       Chile in Türkiye opened in 1940 and the first Chilean Ambassador
       was appointed in 1957.
       Bilateral political relations gained momentum in the mid-1990s.
       Then Türkiye’s former President H.E. Süleyman Demirel visited Chile
       on April 1995. This visit paved the way for high-level visits and
       meetings.
       The then-Chilean President H.E. Ricardo Lagos visited Türkiye in
       2004 and then-Chilean President H.E. Sebastian Pinera visited
       Türkiye in 2012.
       2016 marked the 90th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic
       relations between Türkiye and Chile. Chilean Foreign Minister H.E.
       Heraldo Munoz visited Türkiye to address the 8th Ambassadors
       Conference held on Jan. 12-14, 2016. During this visit, an
       exhibition of the documents of the two countries from foreign
       ministries’ archives was opened.
       President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan paid an official visit to Chile
       within the scope of his visits to the Latin America region from
       Jan. 31 to Feb. 2, 2016.
       Chile is the only country in the Latin America and Caribbean region
       in which Türkiye has a free trade agreement. The agreement, which
       was signed on July 14, 2009, is in effect since March 1, 2011.
       The trade volume between the two countries was approximately $579.3
       million, with Türkiye’s exports totaling $343.8 million and its
       imports $235.5 million by the end of 2019.
       Reply
   13.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:52 pm
       The Petrocaribe Saga Continues: (The Players) RenePreval, Chavez,
       Maduro, Michel Martelly, Lamothe, Juan Guaido, Biden, Rep. Kennedy,
       Hillary Cliton, Portia Simpson Miller, Donald Trump, Raul Castro,
       Jovenel Moise.
       —————————–
       Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has extended Temporary
       Protected Status (TPS) for Venezuelan nationals from September 10,
       2022, through March 10, 2024, due to the country’s continuing
       severe political and economic crises.
       On September 7, 2022, DHS published instructions in the Federal
       Register regarding TPS eligibility and how to apply for an
       extension.
       The extension is only available to those already in TPS status.
       Eligible individuals must apply during the 60-day re-registration
       period that runs from September 8, 2022, through November 7, 2022.
       Failure to re-register during that period may result in a loss of
       TPS. Those with pending registrations or pending employment
       authorization applications need not re-apply. Upon approval of
       these pending submissions, applicants will receive a validity
       period that will extend through March 10, 2024. Those requesting
       extensions may also apply for travel authorization.
       DHS recognizes that it may not be able to adjudicate TPS holder
       applications to extend an employment authorization document (EAD)
       prior to expiration. Accordingly, those who timely apply during the
       re-registration period and have EADs that expire on September 9,
       2022, will receive an automatic extension of their employment
       authorization until September 9, 2023.
       Venezuelan students in F-1 status who are suffering severe economic
       hardship resulting from the crisis in Venezuela are eligible for
       work authorization and may request to have increased work hours and
       a reduced course load.
       While the renewal applies only to those who already have Venezuelan
       TPS, DHS may grant late initial registrations if the individual
       meets specific eligibility requirements, has resided in the United
       States since March 8, 2021, and has maintained continuous presence
       since March 9, 2021.
       Venezuelans were previously entitled to Deferred Enforced Departure
       (DED) from January 20, 2021, to July 20, 2022. However, many
       individuals instead applied for TPS over concern that DHS may not
       have extended DED. Confirming these concerns, DHS decided to not
       extend DED. Since then, TPS remains the sole humanitarian option
       for Venezuelan nationals.
       Reply
   14.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 2:56 pm
       Petrocaribe:
       ested in Haiti on charges of conspiring to smuggle 800 kilograms of
       cocaine into the U.S. and will be arraigned in New York, three
       people familiar with the case said Wednesday.
       The arrest Tuesday, coming just three weeks ahead of key Venezuelan
       legislative elections, is likely to exacerbate already tense
       relations between the U.S. and Venezuela and cast a hard look at
       U.S. accusations of drug trafficking at the highest levels of
       embattled President Nicolas Maduro’s socialist administration.
       The two suspects, Efrain Campos and Francisco Flores, were
       extradited from Haiti and scheduled to be arraigned Thursday in a
       federal court in New York, said a U.S. law enforcement official who
       insisted on anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to discuss the
       case.
       Michael Vigil, a former head of international operations at the
       Drug Enforcement Administration who was briefed by U.S. authorities
       about the lengthy undercover operation, said Campos and Flores were
       arrested in Haiti’s capital, Port-au-Prince, after arriving from
       Venezuela aboard a private plane. Both men were carrying diplomatic
       passports even though they don’t have diplomatic immunity, Vigil
       said.
       He also said Campos had claimed to law enforcement that he is the
       son of Flores and stepson of Maduro.
       Another person briefed on the incident, who agreed to talk about
       the case only if not quoted by name, said Campos is the son of a
       deceased sister of Flores and was partly raised by the first lady
       and Maduro.
       Flores, who Maduro calls the “First Combatant,” is one of the
       most-powerful members of Venezuela’s revolutionary government and a
       constant presence alongside her husband whenever he appears in
       public. The two traveled this week to Saudi Arabia for a summit and
       she’s expected to be with the president Thursday when he’s
       scheduled to address the United Nations Human Rights Council at a
       special meeting in Geneva called at Venezuela’s request.
       A former president of the National Assembly who is now running for
       congress, Flores became romantically involved with Maduro in the
       1990s while serving as lawyer for the then-jailed Hugo Chavez.
       Maduro was one of many leftist activists drawn to the charismatic
       junior army officer following his arrest for a failed 1992 coup
       attempt. The two formally wed in 2013 shortly after Maduro was
       elected.
       Venezuela’s Communications Ministry and Foreign Ministry declined
       to comment about the reported arrests, saying they had no
       information about the incident. Maduro and Flores didn’t issue any
       comment, while the president’s Twitter account highlighted his
       meetings in Saudi Arabia with leaders from the Middle East.
       American prosecutors have been steadily stepping up pressure on
       high-ranking members of Venezuela’s military, police and government
       officials for their alleged role in making the country an important
       transit zone for narcotics heading to the U.S. and Europe. The U.S.
       government says more than 200 tons a year of cocaine flows through
       Venezuela, about a third of Colombia’s estimated production.
       But while several Venezuelan officials, including a former defense
       minister and head of military intelligence, have been indicted or
       sanctioned in the U.S., and many more are under investigation, no
       drug probes had previously touched Maduro’s inner circle.
       The arrests come as Maduro’s government is reeling from an economic
       crisis marked by triple-digit inflation and widespread shortages
       that have emboldened its opponents. Polls say Venezuelans could
       hand the ruling socialist party its biggest electoral defeat in 16
       years in next month’s legislative elections.
       Michael Shifter, president of the Washington-based Inter-American
       Dialogue think tank, said Maduro might use the arrests as a pretext
       to postpone the elections.
       “He will blame the arrests on U.S. imperialism and see them as an
       attempt to undermine his government,” Shifter said. “The news could
       well eclipse some of the mounting, severe criticisms, including
       from the OAS (Organization of American States) secretary general
       and throughout the region, aimed at the regime’s abuses against the
       opposition.”
       Without mentioning the arrests, the president of Venezuela’s
       National Assembly, Diosdado Cabello, used his weekly broadcast
       Wednesday night to accuse the U.S. of trying to destabilize
       Maduro’s administration before the elections.
       “They attack him everywhere and are going to continue attacking,”
       Cabello said.
       Reply
   15.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:14 pm
       The United Nations is Not doing Doing Anything: Just keep on
       whining, enable neo colonist , neo imeperialism, and collect
       exhorbitant dues for unequal reprensentation..
       [{ Haitian Law Regarding Extradition}}
       ——————————————————————————————-
       wondered about the legality of the extradition of Senator Guy
       Philippe on Thursday January 5th, great is the confusion in the
       minds of many including our parliamentarians, what say the texts of
       laws in Haiti ?
       First of all, many speak of the agreement signed on 17 October 1997
       between US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and President René
       Préval, which would have served as a legal basis for the
       extradition. To be precise, none of the articles of this agreement
       makes mention of extradition, even when interpreting it in the
       broad sense…
       There is indeed an extradition treaty between Haiti and the United
       States, but it is dated August 9, 1904, and it is stipulated in its
       article 4 “None of the contracting parties will be bound to deliver
       its own citizens.”
       The amended Haitian Constitution, currently in force, is very clear
       :
       Article 8.1 “The Territory of the Republic of Haiti is nviolable
       and may not be alienated either in whole or in part by any Treaty
       or Convention. ”
       Article 41 “No person of Haitian nationality may be deported or
       forced to leave the national territory for any reason whatsoever.
       No one may be deprived for political reasons of his legal capacity
       and nationality.”
       Article 42 “No citizen, civilian or military may be distracted from
       the judges whom the Constitution and the laws assign to him.”
       This means, in light of the Constitution, that the intervention of
       the agents of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on Haitian
       soil in collaboration with the Brigade for the Fight against
       Narcotic Drugs (BLTS) is unconstitutional.
       Moreover, the Haitian laws of August 1912, June and February 2001,
       dealing with extradition, specify the procedures to be followed,
       including the intervention of the Ministry of Justice, the Public
       Prosecutor’s Office, the investigating judge until the acceptance
       or refusal of extradition. Note that Danton Léger, the Chief
       Prosecutor, said he had not been kept informed of the arrest of
       Senator Guy Philippe and was surprised that he had not been
       transferred to the Public Prosecutor’s Office after his arrest…
       Finally, at the international level the fact that Haitian law does
       not authorize the extradition of its citizens is known. The
       2003-2004 and 2005-2006 Reports of the Inter-American Drug Abuse
       Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States
       (OAS) recalled that “The Constitution of the Republic of Haiti
       prohibits Extradition of Haitian citizens” and “Haitian law does
       not authorize the extradition of Haitian citizens.”
       The question that now arises is to know on what legal basis Guy
       Phlippe has been handed over to the Americans, if however one can
       still speak of extradition in this case…
       So far, neither the de facto President, nor the Prime Minister, nor
       the Minister of Justice nor the police authorities, not even the
       American authorities, have given satisfactory explanations on this
       increasingly opaque case, which generates more questions than
       answers…
       ———————————————————————————–
       Reply
   16.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:47 pm
       50 Most Indebted Countries in the World: What Have the UNited
       Nations Done to help:
       Reply
   17.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:52 pm
       The head of the Organization of American States says he won’t
       interfere in an internal ethics probe into claims he had a romance
       with a staffer, and he insists he took no action to favor the
       younger woman allegedly involved
       October 9, 2022
       Share
       Secretary General of the Organization of American States Luis
       Almagro speaks during a press conference at the 52nd OAS General
       Assembly in Lima, Peru, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2022. (AP
       Photo/Guadalupe Pardo)
       Secretary General of the Organization of American States Luis
       Almagro speaks during a press conference at the 52nd OAS General
       Assembly in Lima, Peru, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2022. (AP
       Photo/Guadalupe Pardo)
       The Associated Press
       MIAMI — The head of the Organization of American States says he
       won’t interfere in an internal ethics probe into claims he had a
       romance with a staffer, and he insists he took no action to favor
       the younger woman allegedly involved.
       Luis Almagro made the comments late Friday from the capital of Peru
       at the conclusion of the OAS’s annual meeting.
       “We’re not going to interfere in any part of the investigation,”
       Almagro said.
       The OAS chief was reacting to a report by The Associated Press that
       revealed he is facing a probe over his purported relationship with
       the Mexican-born woman two decades his junior.
       Several current and former staffers, as well as regional diplomats,
       told AP that the relationship between the two was an open secret
       inside the Washington-based peace and democracy-building
       organization.
       Almagro refused to comment on the relationship, saying he doesn’t
       like to discuss his private affairs.
       But he said he would answer any of the OAS inspector general’s
       inquiries and was confident he would be absolved of any wrongdoing
       because he never favored the unnamed staffer in any employment
       decisions.
       “Unfortunately I’m going to be the person least informed about this
       process because I’m not going to participate in any phase of it,”
       he said.
       Almagro, 59, denied he was ever the woman’s supervisor and the OAS
       press office said that since 2019 she has worked in the
       organization’s Secretariat for Strengthening Democracy.
       However, in several online bios as well as in photos with Almagro
       as recently as March, some of them posted to OAS social media
       accoun
       Reply
   18.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 3:54 pm
       https://www.advocacyinternational.co.uk/project/advocacy-internatio
       nal-in-haiti-defending-and-strengthening-local-democracy
       Reply
   19.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:02 pm
       Why the U.N . Security Council is not calling an emergency meeting
       on this situation , since its founding in San Francisco, yet check
       how many its troops have been deployed to primary African countries
       or African people majority based countries, check its records, let
       it it for itself.It has always backed imperialism no matter what
       reform or resolution.
       Reply
   20.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:08 pm
       Guyana(seat of Caricom) Jamaica, ( ancestral home of Father of
       Current U.S. Vice President Kamila Harris) (Jamaica, and and
       defitenely Barbados.
       Reply
   21.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:08 pm
       https://www.kaieteurnewsonline.com/2021/03/01/the-ppp-never-opposed
       -guyana-becoming-a-republic/
       Reply
   22.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:14 pm
       Elections in Europe (Bulgaria Votes 2022) Right in the Middle of
       the Russo- Ukrainian War.We demand the same for Haiti.Peaceful
       transfer of Power.
       https://www.euronews.com/2022/10/02/bulgaria-election-exit-polls-su
       ggest-victory-for-ex-pm-boyko-borissovs-gerb-party
       Reply
   23.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:16 pm
       In Memoriam: Before the Eathquake, and Before the Petrocaribe
       fiasco.
       Reply
   24.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:16 pm
       https://www.ncronline.org/news/people/haitian-activist-priest-jean-
       juste-dies-62
       Reply
   25.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:31 pm
       The Right to Peaceful Assembly and Protest in Haiti: Ariel Henry
       was not elected, he was chosen by political actors in Haiti along
       with foreign consulates.He does not have the legal authority to
       order foreign forces to Haiti without conulting the Haitian
       parliament and the Haitian people.
       Reply
   26.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 4:35 pm
       Again Brazil: 230 Reais is Not Enough:
       NEWS | Sept. 30, 2022
       U.S. and Brazil Navy Conduct Bilateral Exercise
       By U.S. Naval Forces Southern Command / U.S. 4th Fleet
       ATLANTIC OCEAN –
       The bilateral exercise between U.S. and Brazilian forces focused on
       maritime security and strengthening maritime partnerships with
       partner nations.
       “The bilateral exercise continued to demonstrate collaboration and
       interoperability between the United States and Brazil’s Naval
       forces,” said Capt. Meger Chappell, deputy commodore of Destroyer
       Squadron (DESRON) 40. “We built on the lessons learned during
       UNITAS LXIII to further strengthen our ability to ensure maritime
       superiority in the region.”
       The United States and Brazil Naval forces built a relationship on a
       shared vision of free and open southwestern Atlantic Ocean, and a
       constant practice on eliminating illegal drug trade throughout the
       area. Both countries continued to work together and conducted
       bilateral exercises to strengthen regional consistency.
       “This was a great opportunity to build capacity and increase our
       friendship together,” said Brazilian Naval Capt. Rafael Zeque
       Monteiro, Commander, Brazilian Escort Squadron 1. “Safety is always
       paramount, but we learned greatly from each other.”
       The Lassen and the União safely conducted rescue and assistance
       operations, gun exercises, flight operations with an MH-60R Sea
       Hawk helicopter attached to Navy Helicopter Squadron “Spartans”
       (HSM) 70 and a Brazilian Navy UH-12 Esquilo Helicopter, and a Close
       Air Support Exercise (CASEX) where both ships are given a wide area
       to search for submarines.
       Working closely together, the U.S. and Brazilian Naval forces were
       able to build maritime relationships and partnerships together.
       “This bilateral exercise was an amazing opportunity to build on the
       bonds between the U.S and Brazilian Navies,” said Cmdr. Christopher
       Turmel, commanding officer of Lassen . “Sailors on both sides built
       capacity as we worked through a wide variety of exercises, emerging
       better trained with improved interoperability. Lassen was honored
       to be a part of this exercise.”
       Commander, Destroyer Squadron 40 (COMDESRON 40) plays a key role in
       executing our Nation’s maritime strategy by providing dedicated
       tactical support to naval operations in the U.S. Southern Command’s
       area of responsibility. The Squadron fosters unity and cooperation
       between the United States and its South American, Central American,
       and Caribbean partner nations.
       Reply
   27.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 5:35 pm
       It’s not about sanctions, it’s about accountability, justice,
       humanity. In a world that is becoming more multi polarized, while
       fragmental policy initiaves is causing more chaos for the world’s
       working poor whether it’s Haiti, South Sudan and people fighting
       for their lives to be heard, counted, valued, what Haiti needs is
       not the “Carry a Big Stick policy”, but help, A Haitian doctor
       trained in the US may not happy working in some conditions of
       Haiti, when he pledged to the US, Canada, France. This has been
       Moses’s dilemna after leaving Egypt.
       ————————————————————————————–
       Reponse to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 was swift
       and decisive.
       Shortly after the Russian invasion, the United States barred Russia
       from making debt payments using foreign currency held in U.S.
       banks, increasing the risk for Russia to default on its debts. In
       addition, seven Russian banks have been excluded from the SWIFT
       international messaging system, which facilitates financial
       transactions and payments.
       These sanctions were the “largest sanctions package in [the]
       Union’s history,” according to Ursula Gertrud von der Leyen, the
       president of the European Commission.
       To remedy the impact of sanctions on its economy, Russia has
       expedited cooperation with its partners, including China, India,
       and the Islamic Republic of Iran, to create a parallel financial
       system to the Western-dominated institutions. In doing so, Russia
       is pursuing two main objectives. In the short term, Moscow’s goal
       is to replace Western markets by expanding its petroleum exports to
       India and China, which are seemingly more reliable trade partners.
       The ultimate objective, however, is to create a system in which
       Russia and its partners can circumvent Western economic dominance.
       The practicality and effectiveness of such a system remains to be
       seen.
       The creation of a new financial system has been on Russia’s agenda
       for years. In fact, from the early days of the post-Soviet Union,
       Moscow has been trying to establish a common market with the USSR’s
       former republics. In this vein, the 1991 “Commonwealth of the
       Independent States,” an intergovernmental organization between
       eastern European and Central Asian nations, was created to
       encourage financial cooperation and mutual trade. This resulted in
       the establishment of the Eurasian Economic Union, or EEU, in 2014,
       a supranational institution that integrated the market of five
       countries – Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan –
       into a single market.
       Nevertheless, during this period, Russia remained more interested
       in creating a “financial hub” of its own rather than creating a
       “financial zone” parallel to the Western system. However, the
       U.S.-backed sanctions on Russia that followed the annexation of
       Crimea in 2014 demonstrated Moscow’s vulnerabilities. It is
       noteworthy that as a result of sanctions, the Russian currency, the
       rouble, depreciated by 100 percent.
       This helps explain why, shortly after the annexation of Crimea,
       Russia began adopting its “Fortress Russia” strategy designed to
       detach its economy from the Western-dominated financial system and
       diversify its economy. Two important measures bear noting here. The
       System for Transfer of Financial Messages (Sisteme Peredachi
       Finansovykh Soobshchenii) was devised in 2014 as a Russian
       equivalent of the SWIFT system and was designed to reduce the risk
       of sanctions imposed on Russian businesses and banks.
       Despite Russian declarations on the effectiveness of this system,
       however, SPFS has suffered from a number of shortcomings, including
       high transaction costs, system availability, and security
       requirements, which have undermined its reliability and usefulness.
       Meanwhile, the MIR payment system initiated by the Russian Central
       Bank in 2017 is meant to serve as an alternative to the U.S.-based
       Visa and MasterCard. MIR has already been accepted in 11 other
       countries. In addition, Russia has accelerated its efforts to
       de-dollarize bilateral trade with friendly countries such as China,
       Iran and India, and has been actively redirecting its petrol
       exports from West to East to turn Asia into the “default market”
       for Russian oil.
       A number of regional powers have also sought to detach their
       economies from the Western financial system. Since 2014, Russia and
       China have been strengthening their partnership. To shield their
       financial cooperation from potential U.S. sanctions, both nations
       have sought to eliminate the U.S. dollar from their trade with
       considerable success. It is noteworthy that in 2020, only 41.5
       percent of bilateral trade has been settled in Dollars, while in
       2015, 91 percent of bilateral exchanges were settled in U.S.
       currency.
       Meanwhile, Sino-Russian cooperation entered a new stage in December
       2021 when Russian President Vladimir Putin and China’s Xi Jinping
       held a video conference and jointly pledged to escalate bilateral
       efforts to set up an independent trade network to reduce their
       reliance on the U.S.-led international financial system. The
       Putin-Xi commitment was followed by the Bank of China’s decision to
       join the Russian SPFS in 2022. However, the Bank of China is the
       only non-Russian member of the SPFS, and China has not encouraged
       other banks to join it.
       India is another potential candidate for the Russian initiative. In
       fact, since 2019, New Delhi has been expressing its interest in
       joining the SPFS and replacing the dollar with rupee-rubles
       transactions. The evidence suggests that both nations have made
       significant progress in achieving this goal, given that the use of
       rupee-rubles in bilateral transactions has quintupled.
       The other prospective candidate for the Russia-proposed financial
       system is Iran, whose economy has been subject to suffocating
       sanctions for a decade. Iranian banks were cut off from the SWIFT
       system in 2012 as a result of U.S. sanctions. While Iranian banks
       briefly rejoined the system in the aftermath of the 2015 signing of
       the JCPOA (the Iran nuclear deal), they were disconnected again as
       a result of President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the agreement
       two years later.
       It is therefore no surprise that Tehran would also be interested in
       joining the Russian-led initiative. In this context, Mehdi Safari,
       Deputy Foreign Minister for Economic Diplomacy, told Sputnik in
       July 2022 that the two countries should de-dollarize their trade
       and build a similar system to SWIFT.
       Notwithstanding the efforts to circumvent Western financial
       institutions, the Russian system has yet to prove effective, due to
       a number of factors. The number of countries willing to join or
       cooperate with the Russian led financial system is limited. It is
       noteworthy that while Turkish banks had previously adopted the MIR,
       they have since dropped it under pressure from the U.S. and
       European authorities. The Egyptians, just a few days ago, did too.
       Additionally, some of the prospects for increased Russian
       cooperation on the financial side have more trade with the U.S.
       than Russia. It bears noting that China is a top trade partner for
       the U.S. with $521 billion worth of exports headed to the U.S.
       market in 2021. Meanwhile, the Chinese exports to Russia stood at
       $59 billion. Similarly, India’s top trade partner is the United
       States, and about 18.1 percent of India’s exports in 2021, worth
       $71 billion, were purchased by Americans, while Russia is not even
       among India’s top 25 trade partners.
       Therefore, it would neither be practical nor feasible for India or
       China to trade with Russia, at the cost of antagonizing the U.S. In
       the Iranian case, notwithstanding the growing political and
       military ties between the two countries, Iran and Russia not only
       don’t have a compatible economy, but they are natural competitors.
       Both nations are oil exporting countries, seeking to grow their
       markets. In fact, Russia is already competing with Iran over the
       Chinese and Indian markets by offering oil at a discounted price.
       Given the challenges discussed, and ongoing uncertainties over the
       readiness of other major powers to implement the Russian system,
       the future and effectiveness of the “fortress Russia” strategy
       remains unclear.
       For the moment, the weaponization of sanctions as a tool of
       punishment has indeed created incentives for some nations to
       cooperate with the West. But while American dominance over the
       financial markets have stymied the Kremlin’s efforts to establish a
       parallel system, evidence suggests that dynamics are shifting as
       more countries are conscious of their vulnerabilities.
       As the world moves toward a multipolar reality, there may be a time
       when alternatives are much more preferable to the U.S. dominated
       system. Indeed, the West should be concerned about China’s future
       actions, as Beijing is expanding its gigantic industrial and
       commercial capabilities at home and abroad. If it chooses to move
       closer to Russia in its quest to forge a new path, the
       Reply
   28.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 5:47 pm
       No More Tricks on the Haitian People: such as Match for Peace:
       Brazil should demand the UN reform or fold instead of fancing
       painting ot its outside walls, while classics painting are
       protected by gas guzzling SUVs that not even belong to the UN but
       to industry titans across the world.We would not be fooled this
       time:
       Reply
   29.
   Bruno Desssalines says:
       Oct. 12, 2022 at 7:48 pm
       Guy Phillipe and US troops at the Haitian National Palace (March
       2004
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0ONmaCjKDQ
       Reply
   30. Pingback: To some Haitians, another foreign military force would be
       “greatest humiliation” - haiti-info.com
   31. Pingback: Ariel Henry Requires Navy Intervention Amid Violence,
       Cholera Outbreak - Jaraa'id
   32. Pingback: Ariel Henry Calls for Military Intervention Amid
       Violence, Cholera Outbreak - Corruption Buzz
   33.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 14, 2022 at 8:53 pm
       Word from a Bekke Frenchman who used to Own Slaves(Jean Baptiste
       Victor Hughes from Marseille, in Guadeloupe which almost caused the
       French -American War in 1815 . Now France , Canada, Brazil,
       Portugal and US wants to gang up on a small country island that on
       the guise of international security.
       Article on the slave trade
       An additional article appended to the treaty addressed the issue of
       slavery. It reaffirmed the Declaration of the Powers, on the
       Abolition of the Slave Trade, of 8th of February 1815 (which also
       formed ACT, No. XV. of the Final Act of the Congress of Vienna) and
       added that the governments of the contracting parties should
       “without loss of time, … [find] the most effectual measures for the
       entire and definitive abolition of a Commerce so odious, and so
       strongly condemned by the laws of religion and of nature”.[14][15]
       Convention on pecuniary indemnity
       Reply
   34.
   africandias says:
       Oct. 17, 2022 at 11:49 am
       Colonianism in Africa is transported to the Caribbean: Gabon The
       Baka people, known in the Congo as Bayaka (Bebayaka, Bebayaga,
       Bibaya),[1] are an ethnic group inhabiting the southeastern rain
       forests of Cameroon, northern Republic of the Congo, northern
       Gabon, and southwestern Central African Republic. They are
       sometimes called a subgroup of the Twa, but the two peoples are not
       closely related. Likewise, the name “Baka” is sometimes mistakenly
       applied to other peoples of the area who, like the Baka and Twa,
       have been historically called pygmies, a term that is now
       considered derogatory.
       Two indigenous women in Gabon
       Baka people are all hunter-gatherers, formerly referred to as
       pygmies, located in the Central African rain forest. Having average
       heights of 1.52 meters (5 feet) on average as well as living
       semi-nomadic lifestyles, the Baka are often discriminated against
       and marginalized from society.[2]
       The tropical rain forest in Gabon, Central Africa where the UN
       holds a strategic office where some of the Baka reside
       They reside in southeastern Cameroon, northern Gabon and in the
       northern part of the Republic of Congo. In Congo, the Baka people
       are otherwise known as the Bayaka.[3] Some Baka are also found in
       southwestern Central African Republic.[4] Although the Baka people
       are located throughout the Central African rain forest, they are
       mainly concentrated in Cameroon as the Baka community of Cameroon
       represents roughly 30 000 individuals.Albert Swe
       Reply
   35. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Yours Headline
   36. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - SecularTimes
   37. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Verve times
   38. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - News7F
   39. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - swifttelecast
   40. Pingback: Nations think about sending troops to Haiti, regardless
       of troubled previous overseas intervention : NPR - Latest Trending
       News
   41. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti, despite
       troubled past foreign intervention : NPR - Google News
   42. Pingback: NPR: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti despite
       previous foreign interference - NEWS BASKET
   43. Pingback: McGarvey Fall Update - McGarvey Haitian Adventures
   44. Pingback: NPR: Nations Consider Sending Troops To Haiti Despite
       Previous Foreign Interference
   45. Pingback: Nations consider sending troops to Haiti despite past
       troubled foreign intervention: NPR - Daily News Report
   46. Pingback: Nations contemplate sending troops to Haiti, regardless
       of troubled previous international intervention - Wao Technology
   47.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 21, 2022 at 1:03 pm
       Haiti is recgonized by the U.S in 1862 by Abraham Lincoln after the
       US Presidency, and the American Civil War
       Reply
   48.
   natifnatal says:
       Oct. 21, 2022 at 3:07 pm
       The *Bahamas, Canada, Brazil , the US, Peru, want to invade Haiti.
       http://www.tribune242.com/
       Bahamas sold three islands to the Walt Disney Corp, and the State
       of Florida wants to remove tax abatement status for the Walt Disney
       Co which has contracts with some of Haiti’s factory owner to make
       Disney branded clothing.Don’t forget the Bahamas has turned down a
       constitutional referendum to allow Haitians living in the
       Bahamas.Because of covid 19- tourism is no longer a reliable source
       of income.
       Reply
   49. Pingback: US proposes military intervention in Haiti—again

   Leave a comment
   Cancel reply

   Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

   Comment *
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

   Name * ______________________________

   Email * ______________________________

   Website ______________________________

   [ ] Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time
   I comment.

   IFRAME:
   https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api/fallback?k=6LdXYXIbAAAAALFMJel0g6I
   SEq5HM-GP4nLPxjU0


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   [ ] Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

   [ ] Notify me of new posts by email.

   Post Comment

   Δ
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

Leave a comment

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube

News

     * Immigration &amp; Migration
     * Education
     * Beauty &amp; Style
     * Lists &amp; Guides
     * THT Archives

Contribute

     * Opinion Submission Guidelines
     * Republishing Guidelines
     * Careers

About

     * About Haitian Times
     * Company Updates
     * Contact

   © 2023 The Haitian Times. Proudly powered by Newspack by Automattic

   [INS: :INS]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-40">
<text>
                                403 Forbidden
     __________________________________________________________________

                                    nginx
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-41">
<text>
   Institut National d'étude démographique

Choose a topic

Topics

   Choose a topic
     * Couples Family Sexuality
     * Birth Fertility Contraception
     * Life expectancy Mortality Health
     * World migrations discrimination integration
     * Housing Environment Territory
     * Gender inequalities
     * The stages of the life cycle Ageing
     * The world's populations

   Newsletter
   Open archive
   Press section
   [Agenda________________]
     * fr
     * en

   Search
   Rechercher : ____________________ Ok
   Scientific meetings
   Les Lundis de l’INED INED seminars Other meetings
   Glossary
   Partager
   Imprimer la page
     * About INED
       The French Institute for Demographic Studies or INED, is a public
       research institute specialized in population studies that works in
       partnership with the academic and research communities at national
       and international levels.
          + Who we are
            INED was founded in 1945, and in 1986 it acquired the status
            of an Etablissement Public à Caractère Scientifique et
            Technologique (EPST), meaning that it is under joint
            administrative supervision of the "Ministère de l’enseignement
            supérieur et de la recherche", of the "Ministère de la santé
            et de la prévention et du Ministère des solidarités, de
            l’autonomie et des personnes handicapées". The Institute’s
            missions are to study the populations of France and other
            countries, to ensure wide dissemination of the knowledge
            thereby acquired, and to provide training in research through
            research. INED’s approach to demography is resolutely open and
            interdisciplinary, implicating a wide range of disciplines
            including economics, history, geography, sociology,
            anthropology, biology and epidemiology. With its research
            units, the Institute promotes communication and exchange
            within the scientific community and between researchers and
            the general public while conducting numerous European and
            international research projects.
               o Our history
               o Our remit
                 In 1986, INED became one of France’s eight public
                 scientific and technical institutions (EPST), alongside
                 CNRS, INSERM, INRA and the IRD (Institut de Recherche
                 pour le Développement). The Institute’s overall missions
                 are to study all aspects of population, to provide
                 training in and through research, to keep the government,
                 public authorities and general public informed about
                 demographic questions and to disseminate French
                 demographic research internationally.
                    # Missions and activities
                    # Research Evaluation
               o INED organization
                 Nearly 250 people, including 50 tenured, or permanent,
                 researchers and more than 40 doctoral students, work at
                 INED; there are also 40 associate researchers. The
                 Institute has 10 research units, a mixed research unit
                 and 5 research support services, including the
                 Statistical Methods and Surveys departments
                    # Organization Chart
                    # Data protection - DPO
                    # Access to administrative documents
                    # Authorized signatories
                    # Scientific Integrity Referent
                    # Governing bodies
                      INED has several governing bodies: the Scientific
                      Council, the Board of Administration, the Evaluation
                      Committee and the Ethics Committee
                         @ Board of Administration
                         @ Evaluation Committee
                         @ Ethics Committee
                         @ Scientific Council
               o Key Figures
               o Reference Documents
               o Campus Condorcet
                 INED, the French Institute for Demographic Studies, is a
                 founding member of the Campus Condorcet. All Institute
                 teams are settled at the Campus’s Aubervilliers site and
                 actively working to make this new, comprehensive human
                 and social sciences research center a national and
                 international benchmark institution.
                    # The Campus Condorcet
                    # Humatheque
          + Calls for projects
            INED research projects are funded in part by the Institute’s
            budget line. They may also receive support from funding
            agencies like the Agence Nationale de la Recherche or ANR
            [French national research agency] and other public
            organizations, companies, or European Union programs such as
            the European Research Council or ERC and the Horizon 2020
            program.
               o ANR
                 Every year INED researchers apply for ANR project grants.
                    # The Agence nationale de la recherche (ANR)
                    # ANR projects in progress at INED
               o PIA projects
                 The “Investments in the Future Program” or PIA has
                 awarded INED ongoing funding for Laboratories of
                 Excellence (LabEx), Research Infrastructures of
                 Excellences (ÉquipEx), graduate research programs, and
                 the Institut Convergences. These structures provide the
                 population sciences with funding instruments to
                 facilitate the development of ambitious scientific
                 projects that will further increase the scientific
                 excellence and international visibility of French
                 research.
                    # Labex
                    # Equipex
                    # EUR
                    # ICM
               o International calls for grant proposals
                 In accordance with INED internationalization policy, the
                 Institute’s research teams regularly submit grant
                 proposals in response to international calls for grant
                 proposals, specifically in connection with the Horizon
                 Europe program, Erasmus+, and Hubert Curien Partnerships.
                    # ERASMUS+
                    # Hubert Curien Partnerships (PHCs)
                    # European calls for proposals
                    # International calls for projects
          + Partnerships in France
            INED regularly signs partnership agreements with a wide range
            of French organizations to formally establish scientific
            objectives and a cooperation framework. At the national level,
            the Institute is also strengthening its ties with higher
            education.
               o Universities
               o Scientific groups
               o Research organisations
               o INSEE
          + INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
            One distinguishing characteristic of INED is its ability to
            conduct research studies that cover not just France but a
            large part of the world. The international scope of the
            Institute may be seen in its many partnerships with
            institutions abroad and its active role in the world
            scientific community.
               o The European Union research sphere
                 INED is a key partner in major European demography
                 research programs. The Institute is involved in a large
                 number of projects funded by the European Union and in
                 the main projects of the European demographer community.
                    # Horizon Europe Program
                    # EDSD
                    # GGP
                    # Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions - Post-doctoral
                      fellowships
               o International framework agreements
               o Academic and scientific networks
               o Support for researcher mobility
                 INED supports international mobility for researchers,
                 viewing it as training and cooperation that helps refresh
                 and renew research questions and methods.
                    # Incoming mobility
                    # Outgoing mobility
          + Shared Science
            Knowledge is meant to be shared. INED is committed to an
            active policy of promoting access that is as open as possible
            to research data, methods, and findings on population.
               o Open Science
                 Through its Charter for Open Science, INED is committed
                 to promoting access that is as open as possible to
                 research data, methods, and findings on population.
                    # INED’s charter for open science
                    # Open access to INED Edition
                    # Data diffusion
                    # Research Practises
          + Joining Ined
            Because INED is a public organization, its staff and permanent
            researchers are civil servants hired on the basis of
            competitive examinations that range from vocational
            certificate to doctoral level. It also hires on a task- or
            limited-term contract-basis in extremely diverse areas.
               o Competitive examination campaign
                 INED recruits researchers, engineers and technicians by
                 way of official competitive examinations. On this page
                 you can find the latest examination announcements,
                 descriptions of currently available positions and
                 information on submitting an application.
                    # Researchers competitions
                    # Engineers and technicians, external exams
                    # Engineers and technicians, internal exams
               o INED recruts
               o Speculative applications
                 Use this section to submit a speculative application for
                 a job or internship at INED.
                    # For a job
                    # For an internship
               o Research careers
               o Administrative and technical careers
     * Latest News
     * Research
       Research at INED is organized around multidisciplinary and
       topic-focused teams made up of its own permanent researchers and
       associated researchers. Institute research units host doctoral
       students and post-docs for training in and through research. Over
       70 multi-annual projects are under way. For some, INED designs and
       carries out its own surveys—one of its specificities. Collected
       data are then made available to the scientific community.
          + People
          + Research teams
          + Research axes
          + PhD students
            INED is placing increasing emphasis on training in research
            through the practice of research. Every year the Institute
            hosts PhD students from France and abroad selected on an
            application basis. Students work under researcher supervision
            and depending on their thesis topic, they join one or two
            research teams. They are benefiting from INED work resources
            and its stimulating environment.
               o Hosting PhD students
               o 2022 Call for doctoral studentship applications
               o Applying with outside (non-INED-iPOPs) funding
               o Accueil "doctorant invité"
               o PhD Students
               o International Mobility
          + Post-docs
            INED also offers one- or two-year post-doctoral contracts to
            young French or foreign researchers. Recipients are selected
            on the basis of their competence, the quality and originality
            of their research project, and its relevance to INED research
            areas.
               o Call for applications 2023
               o Call for Application 2022
               o Hosting post-docs
               o Results of 2021 call for post-doctoral applications
               o Post-docs hosted
          + Surveys
            INED designs and carries out its own surveys. The data thus
            collected are accessible to the entire scientific community.
            The Institute has its own survey office, which defines
            sampling methods, assists in designing questionnaires and
            drawing up data collection protocols, and adjusts statistical
            samples. It is also in charge of making anonymized data
            available to others. INED’s survey catalogue and a description
            of the projects in progress may be consulted on line.
               o Survey catalogue
               o Surveys in process
               o Accessing data
     * Resources, Methods
       INED makes a vast body of resources on population available to
       website users, including the INED library, open to all and
       accessible on line; and presentations of statistical analysis and
       survey methods.
          + Statistical Methodology
            Research relies on a wide range of statistical analysis
            methods to process survey data and to describe and model
            demographic events and phenomena on the basis of that data.
            Alongside classic methods such as data analysis and logistic
            regression, several other methods have come to the fore in the
            last 30 years.
               o Event history analysis
               o Multilevel analysis
               o Sequence analysis
               o Resources and seminars
                 Seminars on research methodology and practices in France
                 and abroad, articles on method use, and extensive
                 reference lists are just some of the statistics-related
                 resources available
                    # StatApp
                    # RUSS Seminars
          + Survey Methodology
            Each survey is specific but all surveys include a number of
            requisite steps and phases. Important factors to be taken into
            account from the outset include survey protocol, sampling
            frame, budget, regulations, questionnaire testing, data file
            compilation, and quality assessment. INED’s Surveys Department
            handles most of the data collection procedures involved in
            INED research projects. It may assist with data production
            throughout the process or provide help on particular survey
            phases only.
               o Procedures
               o Methodological choices
                 Every INED survey is designed to investigate a particular
                 research question or set of questions. INED surveys are
                 “custom-made” and in many cases highly innovative.
                 Methodological choices are therefore a key phase of the
                 research. The time required to prepare the survey, design
                 questions, conduct and assess pilot surveys and, later,
                 to evaluate the quality of the data collected must not be
                 underestimated.
                    # Qualitative and quantitative surveys
                    # Data collection modes
                    # Questionnaire design and testing
                    # Interviewer training and data collection management
                    # Data capture, coding and cleansing, documentation
               o Statistical aspects
               o Achieving quality
               o Dissemination of findings
          + INED Datalab
          + Research Reports
            Ined offers you an overview of the Institute’s scientific
            production on a topical issue.
               o Bioethics
                 Recent social and medical advances implicated in
                 contemporary bioethics issues have generated many new
                 research topics. Several innovative research projects,
                 surveys, and scientific articles are now contributing new
                 knowledge on subjects such as assisted reproduction
                 technology (ART), surrogacy, and end-of-life. As the
                 French parliament examines a new bioethics bill, INED
                 will be presenting a set of resources and material here
                 that shed scientific light on several major bioethics
                 topics.
                    # Assisted reproductive technologies (ART)-surrogacy
                    # End-of-life
               o Covid-19
               o Older age and loss of autonomy
               o Child protection
               o Racism and Discrimination
               o Workplace Health
               o Violence and gender relations
     * Publications
       INED Publications has been in existence since the Institute’s
       founding in 1945, consistent with one of its fundamental missions:
       to disseminate scientific knowledge. INED Publications reflects and
       enacts the Institute’s commitment to multi-disciplinarity in
       demographic research by diffusing and promoting scientific
       production and survey results and findings to a diverse audience,
       thereby making solid scientific expertise and knowledge available
       for public debate on major social issues. Recently, the Open
       Archive has widened diffusion of free-access published materials
       while ensuring the continued preservation of INED researchers’
       studies.
          + Ined Editions
          + Ined researchers publications
          + Library
            Vast documentary resources on population are freely available
            on the INED website, including the Institute’s Library, open
            to all and accessible on line; a selection of related
            websites; selected articles by INED researchers on a set of
            population-related themes; and presentations of survey and
            statistical analysis methods. The Institute’s Library,
            Documentation and Archives service has become integrated into
            the new, comprehensive Grand Équipement Documentaire (GED) of
            the Campus Condorcet. The GED comprises the collections of
            over 50 libraries, documentation, and archive centers, all in
            the service of human and social science research.
               o GED
               o GED Catalogue
               o Thesaurus Demovoc
     * All about population
       A tour of the globe to explore its population.
       Use this section to: - compare demographic indicators for different
       countries; - help prepare for a class or an oral presentation; -
       find simple answers to your questions; - reflect on complex issues;
       - learn the basics of demography; - extend your knowledge through
       play...
          + Data
            All about population in Figures: tables on the French and
            world population and access to several online databases.
               o France
                 The latest data on the population of metropolitan France
                 (structure and trends) are given in a series of tables.
                 They are based on data published regularly by INSEE and
                 on INED estimates and projections. More complete datasets
                 dating back to earlier years can also be downloaded in
                 CSV format.
                    # Evolution of population
                      The tables for “All of France” bring together data
                      for metropolitan France and the four overseas
                      départements (DOMs). These figures do not include
                      Mayotte, which became the fifth DOM on 31 March
                      2011, or the overseas territories and collectivities
                      (New Caledonia, French Polynesia, Saint Barthélémy,
                      Saint Martin, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Wallis and
                      Futuna). INSEE includes the DOMs in its annual
                      demographic overview and in most of the tables in
                      its detailed annual study of the demographic
                      situation in France.
                         @ Total population
                         @ Projections
                    # Population structure
                      The population of France by sex and age is estimated
                      by INSEE each year. A provisional estimate is first
                      issued and final figures are published at a later
                      date. Censuses are conducted in certain years to
                      enumerate the population. The population estimates
                      are adjusted on the basis of census data, for the
                      whole of France and for the different départements
                      and regions.
                         @ Population Pyramid
                         @ Population by sex and age on January 1st
                         @ Population by age
                         @ Centenarians
                         @ Population by region and department
                         @ Municipalities
                    # Population change
                      The population changes from one year to the next.
                      Natural change is the difference between births and
                      deaths, and can be determined precisely from vital
                      records. Net migration is the difference between the
                      number of immigrants and the number of emigrants. It
                      is estimated on the basis of available statistics.
                      Adjustments are sometimes made to establish overall
                      consistency between census population figures and
                      inter-census estimates of population change. To
                      estimate its relative scale, population change is
                      often expressed in relation to the mean population
                      of a given year. Rates of birth, death, natural
                      increase and total variation are obtained in this
                      way.
                         @ Births, deaths, migrations
                         @ Fertility rates, mortality rates, natural
                           increase
                    # Births, fertility
                      Registered births are recorded in statistical
                      bulletins which provide a rich source of
                      information. Births are counted on the basis of many
                      different characteristics: parents’ marital status
                      and nationality, sex of the child, twin births, etc.
                      Information on the mother’s age is used to calculate
                      annual fertility indicators, such as the total
                      fertility rate expressed as a total number of
                      children per woman. Completed cohort fertility is
                      also calculated every year. For example, women born
                      in 1970 were 34 years old in 2004. We know how many
                      children they have had before age 34 and we can
                      estimate how many children they will have during
                      their reproductive life.
                         @ Total births by sex
                         @ Births outside marriage
                         @ Births by parents’ place of birth
                         @ Multiple births
                         @ Changes in fertility
                         @ Mean age at maternity
                         @ Cohort fertility
                    # Abortion, contraception
                      Fertility can be controlled by means of
                      contraception and induced abortion. Information on
                      contraceptive practice in France is obtained through
                      surveys conducted regularly by INED since 1978 among
                      the entire female population. The number of induced
                      abortions is estimated on the basis of abortion
                      notifications and hospital statistics. INED is
                      responsible for publication of abortion statistics.
                         @ Abortions
                         @ Contraception
                    # Marriages, divorces, Civil Unions (Pacs)
                      Marriage registers provide a rich source of
                      information on marriage practices: number of
                      marriages, previous marital status and nationality
                      of spouses, etc. Statistics on divorces and civil
                      unions (PACS) are supplied by the Ministry of
                      Justice.
                         @ Marriage and nuptiality
                         @ First Marriages and Remarriages
                         @ Cohort nuptiality
                         @ Mixed marriages
                         @ Divorces
                         @ Civil unions (PACS)
                    # Couples, households, families
                      The first task in a population census is to
                      enumerate dwellings. Persons living in the same
                      dwelling form a household, so each household
                      comprises all the persons living in a single
                      dwelling. According to the census definitions, a
                      household may comprise one or more families. A
                      family is a group of persons comprising a couple
                      with no children, a couple with children, or one
                      adult and his/her children.
                         @ Couples
                         @ Household size
                         @ Household structure
                         @ Structure of families with child(ren)
                         @ Number of child(ren) in the family
                         @ Children of families
                    # Deaths, causes of mortality
                      Death registers provide a means to measure
                      variations in mortality. Deaths by sex and age are
                      used to construct life tables which give life
                      expectancy at birth, i.e. the number of years a
                      newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of
                      mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the
                      same throughout its life. The mortality of children
                      under the age of one year is also specifically
                      calculated. When a person dies, a doctor records the
                      cause of death on a death certificate which is sent
                      to INSERM where all causes of death are coded.
                         @ Life expectancy
                         @ Life table
                         @ Total deaths by sex
                         @ Mortality rates by sex and age
                         @ Causes of death
                         @ Infant mortality
                    # International Migration
                      Two statistical series drawing on different sources
                      are presented. INSEE uses annual census surveys that
                      provide an overview of net migration and entries and
                      departures of non-immigrants and immigrants
                      (including undocumented foreigners). INED,
                      meanwhile, counts the number of non-EU foreigners
                      admitted who have obtained an initial residence
                      permit of at least one year (AGDREF file, French
                      Interior Ministry).
                         @ Migration flows of immigrants
                         @ Migration flows of non-immigrants
                         @ Characteristics of immigration flows
                         @ Residence permits by continent of origin
                         @ Residence permits by nationality
                         @ Residence permits by reasons for admission
                    # Immigrants and immigrant descendants
                      Population censuses provide an opportunity to count
                      the number of inhabitants who were born outside
                      France. Among foreign-born inhabitants, a
                      distinction is generally made between persons born
                      with French nationality and immigrants, who are born
                      with a different nationality. Inhabitants are
                      distinguished by their nationality, i.e. French or
                      foreign and, among French citizens, those who were
                      born French and those who have been naturalized. The
                      census provides information on current nationality
                      and nationality at birth. Foreigners and immigrants
                      form two different categories. Immigrants "born
                      abroad as a foreign national" may still be
                      foreigners at the time of the census or may have
                      become French. Foreigners, for their part, may have
                      been born abroad (in which case they are immigrants)
                      or in France (in which case they are not
                      immigrants).
                         @ Immigrant and foreign population
                         @ Immigrants by country of birth
                         @ Descendants of immigrants by country of origin
                         @ Descendants of immigrants by age and country of
                           origin
               o European and developed countries
                 This section provides data tables on populations, births
                 and deaths in Europe and in developed countries. It also
                 includes indicators of population change (birth and death
                 rates) and the two main demographic indicators: the total
                 fertility rate and life expectancy at birth.
                    # Population, births, deaths
                    # Births, deaths and infant mortality
                    # Total fertility rate
                    # Life expectancy at birth
               o All countries
               o World Projections
                 The World Population Prospects publication provides
                 United Nations population estimates for all countries in
                 the world for each year between 1950 and 2020 and
                 projections under different scenarios (low, medium and
                 high) for each year between 2020 and 2100. The figures
                 presented here correspond to the projections for the
                 current year in the medium scenario.
                    # Projections by countries
                    # Projections by continent
               o Detailed data
          + Graphs and maps
            An atlas, interactive maps, an animated film on migrations and
            annotated graphs that will enable you to visualize and
            understand world demographic trends and the issues they
            involve.
               o World Population in graphs
               o World Population Maps
               o International Migrations
               o Interpreted graphs
               o Mobiliscope
          + Population games and animation
            With the population simulator and INED’s interactive games and
            quizzes, mastering the main concepts of demography, from
            projections to fertility factors, becomes (almost) child’s
            play.
               o The World Population
               o Life Expectancy
               o The World Population and me
               o INED Surveys
               o Population quizzes
                 So you think you know everything about population? Check
                 how well you do on our quizzes.
                 Update: January 2019, based on United Nations World
                 Population Prospects
                    # Are you a demographer?
                    # Can you rank different countries?
               o Imagining tomorrow’s population
               o Family game
          + Demographic fact sheets
            Demographic fact sheets offer a brief, clear overview of
            current knowledge about populations.
            These materials—teaching kits, analytical notes, and
            interviews—summarize specific scientific questions and
            decipher the issues related to population questions. All of
            them may be used as tools for introducing students to
            demographic phenomena and demographic change in France and
            throughout the world.
               o Focus on
               o In our researchers’ own words
               o The issue today
          + Videos

     * Accueil
     * All about population
     * Data
     * France
     * Immigrants and immigrant descendants
     * Immigrant and foreign population

Immigrant and foreign population

   CAPTION: Immigrant and foreign population since 1982

                1982      1990      1999      2019
   Immigrants 4 037 036 4 165 952 4 306 094 6 378 273
      Men     2 178 816 2 168 271 2 166 318 3 106 537
     Women    1 858 220 1 997 681 2 139 776 3 271 736
   Foreigners 3 520 668 3 595 026 3 258 539 4 603 989

   Metropolitan France
   Source: Insee, Population census
   Download this file [XLS | 30.0 K.o.]

   Update: July 2022

Links for more info

     * Difference between an immigrant and a foreigner [Video]
     * The demographic situation in France – Journal Population
     * Immigrant and foreign population in France. Times series 1921-2021.
       INSEE
     * Population census. Foreigners - Immigrants in 2019. [FR]. INSEE
     * French, foreign and immigration populations in France since 2006
       [FR], Insee Focus, 38, 2015
     * Immigration statistics, Ministry of the Interior

Download

     * Immigrants by country of origin, 2019 [FR]. Insee [XLS | 8.7 K.o.]
     * Foreigners by detailled nationality, 2019 [FR]. Insee [XLS | 10.6
       K.o.]
     * International migration: what is measured (and what is not),
       Population &amp; Societies, n°594, 2021 [PDF | 617.9 K.o.]
     * Immigrants in rural France. Population &amp; Societies, 591, 2021 [PDF
       | 919.5 K.o.]
     * The number and proportion of immigrants in the population:
       International comparisons. Population &amp; Societies, 2019 [PDF |
       435.0 K.o.]
     * Women in the immigrant population. Population &amp; Societies, 2013
       [PDF | 970.7 K.o.]

     * Practical information
     * Legal information
     * Glossary
     * Public procurement
     * Intranet
     * e-Newsletter
     * Contacts

     * About INED
          + Who we are
          + Calls for projects
          + Partnerships in France
          + INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
          + Shared Science
          + Joining Ined
     * Latest News
          + Top Stories
          + Scientific meetings
          + Press centre
          + Our Researchers’ Latest Publications
     * Research
          + People
          + Research teams
          + Research axes
          + PhD students
          + Post-docs
          + Surveys
     * Resources, Methods
          + Statistical Methodology
          + Survey Methodology
          + INED Datalab
          + Research Reports
     * Publications
          + Ined Editions
          + Ined researchers publications
          + Library
     * All about population
          + Data
          + Graphs and maps
          + Population games and animation
          + Demographic fact sheets
          + Videos

   République Française Institut National d'étude démographique
   © ined 2023
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-5">
<text>
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K38TZKV

   Skip to content

   Your browser does not support JavaScript, or it is disabled．Please
   check the site policy for more information.

The Asahi Shimbun | Asia &amp; Japan Watch

     *

       ____________________ Search

     * Twitter
     * Facebook

   Language
     * 日本語
     * English

     * HOME
     * What’s New
     * National Report
     * Politics
     * Business
     * Asia &amp; World
          + China
          + Korean Peninsula
          + Around Asia
          + World
     * Sci &amp; Tech
     * Culture
          + Style
          + Cooking
          + Movies
          + Manga &amp; Anime
     * Travel
     * Sports
     * Opinion
          + Editorial
          + Vox Populi
          + Views
     * Special

   The Asahi Shimbun
   >gt;

   Opinion
   >gt;

   Editorial
   >gt;

   article

EDITORIAL: Same-sex couples of Japanese and foreigners need equality in Japan

   October 11, 2022 at 17:26 JST
     * Share
     * Tweet list

     * Print

   Photo/Illutration Andrew High, left, speaks to reporters with his
   Japanese partner in Tokyo's Kasumigaseki after the Tokyo District Court
   rejected High’s request for a long-term resident visa on Sept. 30.
   (Yuri Murakami)

   While same-sex couples of two foreigners can live together in Japan if
   one of them has residence visa status, a foreigner married to a
   Japanese same-sex partner can be denied a resident visa.

   This inequality concerning the visa status of gay couples remains
   unaddressed. With a growing number of countries legalizing same-sex
   marriages, the government should prioritize tackling this problem.

   In its Sept. 30 ruling on a case where a gay American man sought to
   obtain a visa to live with his Japanese partner, the Tokyo District
   Court said that the government’s failure to grant him a long-term
   residency status was illegal since it violates the constitutional
   principle of equality.

   The justice and immigration control authorities should take the court’s
   decision seriously.

   The American man has cried foul because he has been denied the right
   given to gay couples of two foreign nationals who have gotten married
   overseas with one of them holding residential status.

   In the case of such a foreign gay couple, the partner is granted a visa
   of the “designated activities” category for a long stay.

   But gay couples involving a Japanese partner are exempted from this
   special visa rule, which was introduced in 2013. That means it is
   difficult for the foreign partner of such gay couples to reside in
   Japan unless he or she obtains a resident visa based on his or her own
   occupation or other activities.

   The plaintiff in the lawsuit, Andrew High, and his Japanese partner
   registered their marriage in the United States in 2015 after the U.S.
   Supreme Court recognized same-sex marriages. High filed the suit three
   years ago after his application for a long-term resident visa as the
   partner of a Japanese citizen was rejected.

   The court pointed out that there is growing “demand for and interest
   in” same-sex marriages and same-sex partner systems and argued that
   Japanese-foreigner couples should be given equal treatment as
   foreigner-only couples.

   The court criticized the current system in which the residence status
   visa of the designated activities category is not granted equally to
   all gay couples, including a partner with a residence visa status, for
   running counter to the spirit of the Constitution, which upholds the
   principle of equality under the law.

   The court said High should have been granted a designated activities
   visa.

   In this century, same-sex marriages have spread globally. There are now
   more than 30 countries and areas where same-sex marriages are legal,
   according to the citizens group Marriage For All Japan.

   It is not uncommon for a Japanese national to be legally married to a
   same-sex partner overseas, the group says. But such Japanese-foreigner
   gay or lesbian couples face a major obstacle if they want to live
   together in Japan.

   This issue has long been recognized by the government. During a 2018
   session of the Upper House Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, then
   Foreign Minister Taro Kono said this was clearly wrong and the
   government was considering correcting the problem “in a forward-looking
   manner.”

   But there has been no improvement in the situation, apparently due to
   the government’s negligence.

   High and his Japanese partner have said they just want to live in Japan
   as a family. High can stay in Japan as a foreign resident by, for
   instance, obtaining a “business manager” visa as he actually did. But
   they should be granted the right to live in Japan as a family.

   The designated activities visa, which the ruling said should have been
   granted to High, imposes certain restrictions on holders’ activities,
   such as they cannot work without permission from the immigration
   control authority.

   The government should consider granting residence status as the spouse
   of a Japanese national to such foreign same-sex partners of Japanese
   citizens.

   The right to family unity, which means families have the right to live
   together, has been established under international human rights law.
   Japan should not remain a country where this right is not recognized or
   respected.

   --The Asahi Shimbun, Oct. 10

Related News

     * [a303de7510fbc8383a1de656fa6d34f1.jpg]
       Court rules gay American man should have been granted visa
       September 30, 2022
     * [a3eeca2265b980936f2c0c4a14574fa9.jpg]
       American in gay marriage to sue for residence status in Japan
       September 5, 2019
     * [5fc8da76c2ffe5072f9702e70c9a5e53.jpg]
       JR East refused to sell gay couple special rail pass for spouses
       August 21, 2022
     * [fe15d9feadf4def390a777f72a4c18f4.jpg]
       EDITORIAL: Ball is in the Diet’s court now to legalize same-sex
       marriages
       March 18, 2021
     * [469b1cb8b9ba3e375df91f100808719e.jpg]
       Osaka court rules same-sex marriage ban is constitutional
       June 21, 2022
     * [3e47506abb114207efec5a09195be1db.jpg]
       Tokyo set to issue same-sex couple certificates from Nov. 1
       June 16, 2022

     * Share
     * Tweet list

     * Print

     *
     *

Trending Now

   (*) Last 24 hours ( ) Last 7 days
    1. Photo/Illutration With a Ukrainian flying ace, ‘Ghost of Kyiv’
       manga a big hit in Ukraine
    2. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Woman killed while dreaming of
       ‘surviving in the United States’
    3. Photo/Illutration Kurokawa’s capsule rooms being reborn as
       exhibits, lodgings
    4. Photo/Illutration Osaka Metro’s ‘spacecraft’ subway train bound for
       expo
    5. Photo/Illutration Foreign students have uneven access to Japanese
       classes
    6. Photo/Illutration Couple trapped for hours high above ground at
       amusement park
    7. Photo/Illutration 2 missing after landslide rips through small
       northern hamlet
    8. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: ‘Progressive prosecutor’ loses
       post; debate on U.S. justice rages
    9. Photo/Illutration Interview: Don’t neglect Japan-U.S. friendship
       ‘garden’
   10. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Parolee arrested 5 times but
       released before woman’s death

    1. Photo/Illutration Man arrested after three found dead in Saitama on
       Christmas
    2. Photo/Illutration With a Ukrainian flying ace, ‘Ghost of Kyiv’
       manga a big hit in Ukraine
    3. Photo/Illutration Man accused in triple murder was arrested 3 times
       before
    4. Photo/Illutration Why do we sleep? Research team in Japan close to
       finding answer
    5. Photo/Illutration Bloodstained clothes found at home of suspect in
       triple murder
    6. Photo/Illutration Half of China’s 1.4 billion people projected to
       get COVID-19
    7. Photo/Illutration Apple Japan ordered to pay 14 billion yen on
       duty-free sales
    8. Photo/Illutration Japan to crack down on stealth marketing, target
       all media
    9. Photo/Illutration HANAKO’S TRAGEDY: Woman killed while dreaming of
       ‘surviving in the United States’
   10. Photo/Illutration Part of triple murder caught on camera; man eyed
       film career

   Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
   Taste of Life

Videos

     * Emperor, family greet New Year crowds for 1st time since 2020
       January 2, 2023
     * Osaka Metro’s ‘spacecraft’ subway train bound for expo
       January 1, 2023
     * 2 missing after landslide rips through small northern hamlet
       December 31, 2022

Recommended

     * Photo

        COVID-19 Update
                Visit this page for the latest news on Japan’s battle with
                the novel coronavirus pandemic.

     * Photo

        Taste of Life
                Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of
                food introduce their special recipes intertwined with
                their paths in life.

     * Photo

        Authors Alive!
                Haruki Murakami and other writers read from books before
                selected audiences at the new Haruki Murakami Library.

     * Photo

        Gender Equality Declaration
                The Asahi Shimbun aims “to achieve gender equality and
                empower all women and girls” through its Gender Equality
                Declaration.

     * Photo

        Inclusive Tokyo
                Let’s explore the Japanese capital from the viewpoint of
                wheelchair users and people with disabilities with Barry
                Joshua Grisdale.

   Asahi Shimbun on Twitter

Learning English

     * Asahi Weekly

   In-house News and Messages

Link

     * The New York Times

   BACK TO TOP
     * About Us
     * Site Policy
     * Privacy
     * Copyright
     * Contact Us

   Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No
   reproduction or republication without written permission.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-6">
<text>
   #Thaiger » Feed Thaiger » Comments Feed alternate alternate alternate

   Thaiger

     * News
          + Thailand
               o Bangkok
               o Pattaya
               o Phuket
               o Koh Samui
               o Chiang Mai
               o North East
               o Northern Thailand
               o Central Thailand
               o South
          + World Cup 2022
          + World
          + Environment
          + Crime
          + Politics
          + Technology
          + Tourism
          + Business
          + Opinion
          + Coronavirus (Covid-19)
          + Thai Life
     * Video
          + GMT (Good Morning Thailand)
          + TNT (Thailand News Today)
     * Property
          + Property News
          + Search Thailand Properties
     * Deals
     * Guides
          + Travel
          + Best of
          + Food
          + 360 Reviews
          + Press Room
          + Health
          + Cannabis
          + Education
     * Insurance
          + Property insurance
          + Health insurance
          + Health Insurance for O-A Visa
          + Tropical Disease Insurance
          + Personal accident insurance
          + Life insurance
          + Critical illness insurance
          + Cancer Insurance
          + Pet insurance
          + Drone insurance
          + Car insurance
          + MOTORBIKE INSURANCE
          + International Travel Insurance
          + Domestic Travel Insurance
          + Business insurance
          + Corporate employee insurance
     * Visas &amp; work permits
          + Employment Visa
          + Education Visa
          + Marriage Visa
          + Retirement Visa
          + Business Visa
          + Thailand Elite Visa
          + Tourist Visa
          + Visa Services
          + Work Permit
     * Join the Thaiger
          + Thaiger Memberships
          + Youtube Memberships
          + Donate to Thaiger
          + Subscribe to Daily Email
     * Forum
     * Advertise
     * FIFA World Cup 2022

   Connect with us
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   ____________________

   Thaiger Thaiger

Thaiger

Cambodia | Thailand’s LTR visa needs reworking to attract foreigners

     *
     * Subscribe

     * News
          + Thailand
               o Bangkok
               o Pattaya
               o Phuket
               o Koh Samui
               o Chiang Mai
               o North East
               o Northern Thailand
               o Central Thailand
               o South
          + World Cup 2022
          + World
          + Environment
          + Crime
          + Politics
          + Technology
          + Tourism
          + Business
          + Opinion
          + Coronavirus (Covid-19)
          + Thai Life
     * Video
          + GMT (Good Morning Thailand)
          + TNT (Thailand News Today)
     * Property
          + Property News
          + Search Thailand Properties
     * Deals
     * Guides
          + Travel
          + Best of
          + Food
          + 360 Reviews
          + Press Room
          + Health
          + Cannabis
          + Education
     * Insurance
          + Property insurance
          + Health insurance
          + Health Insurance for O-A Visa
          + Tropical Disease Insurance
          + Personal accident insurance
          + Life insurance
          + Critical illness insurance
          + Cancer Insurance
          + Pet insurance
          + Drone insurance
          + Car insurance
          + MOTORBIKE INSURANCE
          + International Travel Insurance
          + Domestic Travel Insurance
          + Business insurance
          + Corporate employee insurance
     * Visas &amp; work permits
          + Employment Visa
          + Education Visa
          + Marriage Visa
          + Retirement Visa
          + Business Visa
          + Thailand Elite Visa
          + Tourist Visa
          + Visa Services
          + Work Permit
     * Join the Thaiger
          + Thaiger Memberships
          + Youtube Memberships
          + Donate to Thaiger
          + Subscribe to Daily Email
     * Forum
     * Advertise
     * FIFA World Cup 2022

     *
     * Subscribe ad-free

Economy

Thailand’s LTR visa needs reworking to attract foreigners

   [tintin1-80x80.jpg]

   Published

    on
   Friday, October 14, 2022 11:55

   By
   Bob Scott
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * follow us in feedly

     * Share
     * Tweet
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Thailand is still confident its updated Long-Term Resident (LTR) visa
   will attract affluent foreigners despite more attractive LTR visa
   options in other countries.

   On September 1, Thailand launched a revised LTR visa, joining other
   nations such as Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia, and the Philippines,
   targeting rich foreigners.
   [INS: :INS]

   The Thai government cut the cost of the 10-year LTR visa in half, from
   100,000 baht to 50,000 baht, in a bid to attract their four target
   groups of foreigners: foreign experts, wealthy people, retirees, and
   those who want to work in Thailand.

   The government believes the revised LTR visa will attract about 1
   million people per year, providing a significant boost to the nation’s
   economic recovery after the Covid-19 pandemic. The government believe
   it will trigger a 1 trillion baht revenue windfall.

   The initial outlay of 50,000 baht is not a significant amount of money.
   But, like all of these things that sound too good to be true, there is
   a catch. The Thai government has a set of hoops for foreigners to jump
   through and, for good measure, a few high fences to climb.

   There is a special set of criteria each group has to meet.

   Foreigners who want to live in Thailand must have combined assets of at
   least US$1 million and an income of at least US$80,000 per year. Not
   only that, but they must also invest at least US$500,000 in Thailand,
   in property or other assets.

   Foreigners who have retired, or foreign experts, must earn at least
   US$80,000 per year. Those foreign experts must also have about five
   years of experience working at a specialist level in a targeted
   industry.

   For foreigners who want to work in Thailand, they must earn at least
   US$80,000 per year and also have a minimum of five years of experience
   working in legally registered companies with total revenue of US$150
   million in the past three years.

   The visa also covers up to four family members, including dependents
   under 20 years of age.

   When you look at options in other countries you can’t help but think
   that the Thai government has to try harder and lower the bar otherwise
   they will lose potential residents to other countries offering a much
   better package.
   [INS: :INS]

   The Philippines launched a Special Investors Resident Visa (SIRV)
   earlier this month offering permanent residency to any foreigner who
   invests at least US$75,000 in business or securities.

   Once a foreigner has invested in the Philippines, they are immediately
   awarded residency – something Thailand does not offer. The SIRV holder,
   their spouse, and children can freely enter and exit the Philippines
   whenever they desire, forever.

   What about the others?

   Cambodia has the Cambodia My Second Home visa, offering possible
   citizenship to any investor who generates US$100,000. Applicants must
   invest in property with the Khmer Home Charity Association. The visa
   offers a work permit, as does the Thai LTR.

   Malaysia is offering a 20 year Premium Visa Program for an investment
   of US$220,000. The country also offers a Malaysia My Second Home for
   anyone at least 35 years of age, which has liquid assets equating to
   around US$320,000 and a monthly income of at least US$8600.

   Singapore is launching a five-year visa programme, the Overseas
   Networks &amp; Expertise Pass (ONE Pass), in January next year. Applicants
   must have at least 700,000 baht fixed income per month and must
   demonstrate that they have been working for an established company
   overseas for at least one year.

   Individuals with outstanding achievements in the arts and culture,
   sports, science and technology, and academia and research qualify for
   the ONE Pass, even if they do not meet the salary criterion.
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Win a 3-night beachfront stay at Four Points by Sheraton Phuket by
       taking a short Thaiger Survey HERE!


Get more from The Thaiger

   FREE APP: ANDROID or iOS | HAVE YOUR SAY FORUM |
   News Categories: Cambodia Economy Expats Malaysia Philippines Singapore
   Thailand Tourism
   Related Topics:CambodiaLong Term
   ResidentMalaysiaPhilippinesSingaporeThailand

   [tgt-logo-hr-420-bl-tr.png]

   Join the conversation and have your say on Thailand news published on
   The Thaiger.

   Thaiger Talk is our new Thaiger Community where you can join the
   discussion on everything happening in Thailand right now.

   Please note that articles are not posted to the forum instantly and can
   take up to 20 min before being visible. Click for more information and
   the Thaiger Talk Guidelines.
   Comment
   Create an Account

Recent comments:

   [215332462_Screenshot_2021-07-11-17-56-20-118_com.android.chrome3.jpg.4
   7f3d4659bd7b31d636f10b47ff61ce5.jpg]
   TheDirtyDurian
   2022-10-19 22:56
   If, and that a big if, Thailand really wants to attract DNs they would
   do well to look at Portugal's new visa. Far less onerous requirements
   and an all round better deal.  Access to the rest of the EU, great…
   [037BA22C-4D5D-4AE9-8305-FB972A9AEA45.jpeg.22507a0b774aed7a0c8a3779ecc6
   6fbf.jpeg]
   Soidog
   2022-10-20 00:43
   1 hour ago, TheDirtyDurian said: If, and that a big if, Thailand really
   wants to attract DNs they would do well to look at Portugal's new visa.
   Far less onerous requirements and an all round better deal.  Access to
   the…
   [svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%20
   viewBox%3D%220%200%201024%201024%22%20style%3D%22background%3A%2362a4c4
   %22%3E%3Cg%3E%3Ctext%20text-anchor%3D%22middle%22%20dy%3D%22.35em%22%20
   x%3D%22512%22%20y%3D%22512%22%20fill%3D%22%23ffffff%22%20font-size%3D%2
   2700%22%20font-family%3D%22-apple-system%2C%20BlinkMacSystemFont%2C%20R
   oboto%2C%20Helvetica%2C%20Arial%2C%20sans-serif%22%3EA%3C%2Ftext%3E%3C%
   2Fg%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E]
   Artemis080
   2022-10-22 10:36
   On 10/18/2022 at 6:07 PM, Pinga said: For the $1-2k a month digital
   nomad crowd under 50 there are no easy options, but it seems like
   Thailand is not targetting them to begin with. Why should they though?
   They don't…
   [svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%20
   viewBox%3D%220%200%201024%201024%22%20style%3D%22background%3A%2362c4a8
   %22%3E%3Cg%3E%3Ctext%20text-anchor%3D%22middle%22%20dy%3D%22.35em%22%20
   x%3D%22512%22%20y%3D%22512%22%20fill%3D%22%23ffffff%22%20font-size%3D%2
   2700%22%20font-family%3D%22-apple-system%2C%20BlinkMacSystemFont%2C%20R
   oboto%2C%20Helvetica%2C%20Arial%2C%20sans-serif%22%3EP%3C%2Ftext%3E%3C%
   2Fg%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E]
   Pinga
   2022-10-24 22:05
   On 10/18/2022 at 5:07 PM, Soidog said: Surely you don’t mean the
   relatively small crimes that get amplified in the Thai media such as a
   Canadian skate boarding down a main road? Or a French guy who gets in
   to…
   [037BA22C-4D5D-4AE9-8305-FB972A9AEA45.jpeg.22507a0b774aed7a0c8a3779ecc6
   6fbf.jpeg]
   Soidog
   2022-10-24 22:12
   4 minutes ago, Pinga said: That's exactly what I mean. Every small
   crime involving a foreigner gets amplified in Thai media. Bring a lot
   of new expats with low income and the amount of such crimes (and
   exposure) will increase.…
   [tintin1-80x80.jpg]
   Bob Scott

   Bob is a published author with over 25 years experience as a
   journalist.
   Up Next

   PM Prayut avoids being pelted with rotten fish &amp; faeces
   Don't Miss

   Thailand – Must Try Activities in Thailand for ALL Tourists

You may like

     * 21 Thai citizens reported dead in fire casino in Cambodia
     * At least 10 dead &amp; 30 injured in fierce casino fire in Cambodia
     * Trafficking rears ugly head again after group of Thais escapes
       slavery in Cambodia

   [tg-logo-hr-210-wh-tr.png]
   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

Follow Thaiger by email:

   ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   [INS: :INS]

     * Latest
     * Popular
     * Videos

   Road deaths2 hours ago

Man fails to outrun train on motorbike, dies

   World3 hours ago

Banks deny wrongdoing in Jeffrey Epstein lawsuit

   News4 hours ago

CNN needs geography lesson after mistaking Taiwan for Thailand

   [new_banner_en.jpg]
   Economy5 hours ago

Electric vehicles to hit the accelerator this year, says FTI

   Thailand5 hours ago

5 Things You Need to know before Befriending or Dating a Thai

   Economy6 hours ago

IMF predicts a recession in Thailand

   [tgt-logo-hr-420-bl-tr.png]

Join the conversation on the Thaiger Talk forums today!

   Create an Account
   Election7 hours ago

Speaker predicts mass election corruption

   Thailand8 hours ago

Thailand’s new fighter jets still on horizon

   China9 hours ago

Chinese tourists banned from entering Morocco

   Politics9 hours ago

‘Calm down, PM!’ – supreme patriarch sparks Prayut rant

   Thailand9 hours ago

Proposed national uniforms to make traffic police approachable

   Thailand9 hours ago

Talking With Gary Butler About How ‘The Roaming Cook’ Began

   Thailand10 hours ago

HTMS Sukhothai chief engineer ashore when disaster struck

   Environment10 hours ago

Thailand makes another travel list: Fodor’s No List

   Politics10 hours ago

Deputy PM’s cunning plan to remain in power? There isn’t one

   Thailand4 days ago

American man dies after jumping from 3rd floor of Phuket Airport

   Thailand6 days ago

Sam Smith’s ‘Thrill of it All’ Koh Samui motorcycle tour

   Economy4 days ago

Thailand encourages coffee farming to meet growing demand in Asia

   Thailand4 days ago

Thailand to offer free Covid-19 booster shots to foreign tourists

   Events2 days ago

Thai holidays in 2023

   Crime3 days ago

Andrew Tate spat with Greta Thunberg leads to his arrest in Bucharest

   Tourism4 days ago

Thailand prepares to welcome infected tide of Chinese tourists

   Thailand3 days ago

Russian driver kills motorcycle rider in Phuket

   Thailand4 days ago

Thai police rescue pregnant woman walking 600 kilometres from Isaan to
Bangkok

   News4 days ago

A forgetful husband tests marriage after accidently abandoning his wife on a
road trip after taking a quick leak

   Tourism4 days ago

Russians take Thailand by storm

   Thailand3 days ago

37 deaths &amp; 351 injuries reported on day 1 of Thailand’s road safety campaign

   Thailand4 days ago

Road safety campaign spells disaster for Chiang Mai rescue services

   Expats4 days ago

VIDEO: air rage incident on Thai Smile Airways flight from Bangkok to Kolkata

   Crime3 days ago

Daughter jailed for 20 years after stealing 250 million baht from her mother

   Thailand1 year ago

Morning Top Stories Thailand | Police to end protests, Human Trafficking |
September 14

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Thai Airways in rehab, All go for Songkran | March 4

   Tourism2 years ago

Phuket’s nightlife. Yes, bars and clubs are still open | VIDEO

   Phuket2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid passport talks, Thai Airways heads to court |
March 2

   Tourism2 years ago

Phuket Thai food treats you need to try | VIDEO

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Bars, pubs and restaurants ‘sort of’ back to normal |
Feb 23

   Tourism2 years ago

In search of Cat &amp; Dog Cafés in Phuket Town | VIDEO

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Gambling crackdown, Seafood market to reopen, Vlogger
challenge | Jan 21

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid testing for visas, Business impact, Vaccine
approval | January 19

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Weekend Bangkok bombs, Thailand fires, Covid update |
January 18

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Stray car on runway, Indonesian quake, 300 baht tourist
fee | January 15

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Governor off respirator, sex-trafficking arrest, condo
prices falling | January 14

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Chinese vaccine, Thailand ‘drug hub’, Covid update |
January 13

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Bangkok may ease restrictions, Phuket bar curfew,
Vaccine roll out | January 12

   Thailand2 years ago

Thailand News Today | Covid latest, Cockfights closed down, Bryde’s Whale
beached | January 11

   [INS: :INS]

Trending

     * Cannabis3 days ago
       Where you can get cannabis in Bangkok
     * Events2 days ago
       Thai holidays in 2023
     * Crime3 days ago
       Andrew Tate spat with Greta Thunberg leads to his arrest in
       Bucharest
     * Phuket3 days ago
       Russian driver kills motorcycle rider in Phuket
     * Road deaths3 days ago
       37 deaths &amp; 351 injuries reported on day 1 of Thailand’s road
       safety campaign
     * Bangkok3 days ago
       Daughter jailed for 20 years after stealing 250 million baht from
       her mother
     * Economy3 days ago
       Thai Airways rehab plan soars ahead of schedule
     * Thailand3 days ago
       Rising winds, falling temperatures – the coolest new year in
       Thailand

     thaiger-logo fb twitter youtube
   [google-play.png] [ios-app.png]
   ________________________________________ Subscribe
   More Info
     * About Thaiger
     * Contact Us
     * Thai News Archives
     * Digital Gazette
     * Terms &amp; Privacy

   Be the Thaiger
     * Advertise
     * Donate to Thaiger
     * BECOME A MEMBER
     * Guest Blogger
     * Join Thaiger Legends

   Get More Thaiger
     * App - iOS / Android
     * Daily Newsletter
     * Google News
     * Feedly / Flipboard
     * Thailand Forums

   Real Estate
     * Best Real Estate in Phuket
     * Best Real Estate in Bangkok
     * Best Real Estate in Pattaya
     * Best Real Estate in Hua Hin
     * Best Real Estate in Chiang Mai
     * Best Real Estate in Koh Samui
     * Best Real Estate in Thailand
     * Dubai Apartment for Sale

   Friends
     * DBVentures.io
     * Fazwaz.com
     * Boatcrowd.com
     * Tadoo.co
     * MyMediTravel

   Subscribe us ________________________________________ Subscribe

   Copyright © 2023 Thaiger
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-7">
<text>
    #The Reporter Ethiopia » Feed The Reporter Ethiopia » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate alternate

     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More

   Search ____________________

   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia NewsWeekPRO
     * Amharic
     * Tender
     * Jobs
     * Errata
     * Sponsored Contents

   Monday, January 2, 2023
   Services
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   Subscribe To SMS

Services

     * Jobs
     * Tenders
     * Amharic News
     * English Magazine
     * Amharic Magazine

Contacts

     * About Ethiopia News
     * Contact Newspapers in Ethiopia

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   Search
   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Youtube
   Subscribe
     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More
          +

Opinion
               o Opinion
               o Viewpoint
               o Commentary
               o Letter to the Editor

Others
               o Lifestyle
               o Bits &amp; Pieces
               o Touch and Go
               o Speak Your Mind

   The Reporter Ethiopia The Reporter Ethiopia
     * Home
     * News
          + Business
          + Politics
          + News in brief
     * In Depth
     * Editorial
     * Money Talks
     * Society
          + Addis Events
     * Global Addis
     * Sport
     * Coronavirus
     * Interview
     * Art
     * More
          +

Opinion
               o Opinion
               o Viewpoint
               o Commentary
               o Letter to the Editor

Others
               o Lifestyle
               o Bits &amp; Pieces
               o Touch and Go
               o Speak Your Mind

   More

   - Advertisement -
   - Advertisement -
   HomeOpinion

Referring to Africans in Africa as “foreigners” is Xenophobic and Afrophobic

   Opinion
   Contributor Contributor
   By Contributor
   October 15, 2022

Federal gov’t peacefully takes over Tigray

   December 31, 2022

Commission payment over undelivered service infuriates Bunna’s clients

   December 31, 2022

Government crackdown kills contraband hotspots

   December 31, 2022

Human rights investigators’ commission on Ethiopia survives UN member states’
vote

   December 31, 2022

Sustaining the peace deal

   December 31, 2022

Commercial Nominees to amend contracts for outsource workers

   December 31, 2022

Board cancels referendum voter registration in 11 constituencies

   December 31, 2022

   Words matter and have the ability to shape narratives, which we
   Africans typically undermine. Among African leaders, several duplicity
   and ambiguity cases have been identified regarding downplaying the
   connection between national interests and the pan-African approach.
   There is much confusion surrounding the concept of “United Peoples of
   Africa” due to the seeming inconsistency between “I am an African”
   poetry and the derogatory term “foreigner” or “alien.”

   In particular, they were unable to accept African citizens as part of a
   broader African citizenship effort, as stipulated by the African
   Union’s founding document and subsequent declarations. “We have
   observed that some African leaders are pan-Africanists in the morning,
   nationalists in the afternoon, and tribalists at night.”

   “An African man cannot be called a foreign national on African soil.”

   In an interview with the late President Robert Gabriel Mugabe for CNN
   in 2009, Christiane Amanpour posed the following questions: I can
   understand why you evicted white farmers, but I do not comprehend why
   you did the same to black farm workers. He responded, “We instructed
   the aliens from Mozambique and Malawi to go home.”

   The late President may not have been anti-black per se, but his choice
   of language was offensive and evocative.

   My second encounter came following the 2015 Afrophobic assault on
   non-South African nationals. The government of South Africa encouraged
   various stakeholders to find reasonable solutions. During that
   discussion, I proposed that we stop alienating African nationals
   because it will harm us in the long run by preventing us from doing
   business and achieving regional cohesion.

   Government authorities agreed with the suggestion not to employ foreign
   nationals. Nonetheless, this position could not be maintained for long,
   although I am unable to explain why. As recently as October 8, 2022,
   Panyaza Lesufi, premier of Gauteng, made an inattentive statement to
   eradicate non-South African traders from JHB.

   Using the same logic, an African who now resides in a different part of
   Africa cannot be considered part of the “Diaspora.” I don’t see how a
   person who is born in the West and moves to the Eastern, Northern, or
   Southern parts of Africa, or vice versa, qualifies as a member of the
   African Diaspora.

   A diaspora is a population that has been dispersed to different places
   or that has been forced to relocate from its original homeland. Someone
   who is geographically distant from their own realm or continent is said
   to be “off the coast.”

   What we are today does not accurately reflect who we are, but rather,
   “we are all Africans,” and the boundary we are claiming is merely a
   symbol. Today’s borders of African countries were not drawn by Africans
   but by our colonial overlords.

   By referring to our fellow African citizens as “foreign nationals,” we
   are doing more to promote colonial Balkanization than the colonial
   masters themselves. African leaders are skilled at significantly
   enforcing the colonialists’ blueprints by isolating those who live
   beyond colonial borders through derogatory terms.

   When I say “Africanity” or “African citizenship and identity,” what
   exactly do I mean?

   The first position of Africanity is established within the context of a
   particular political objective that necessitates a defined
   understanding of Africanity based on specific characteristics. It
   comprises the psychological values, practices, ways of thinking and
   traditions that make up African culture.

   Some people might assume that we can use a singular word. When we talk
   about Africa, we refer to its people, communities, and institutions. In
   my opinion, the terms “Africa” and “African” refer to more than just a
   landmass.

   Africa has become omnipresent throughout recent ages. What makes
   “Africa” and “African” possible and valuable? Why do we call this group
   of people “Africans”? This subject is complicated by the fact that
   describing something produces its image and likeness.

   Although Kwame Nkrumah, a vocal proponent of pan-African political
   unity, acknowledged the diversity of Africa’s people as a limitation of
   any such definition, the continent is home to a wide range of ethnic
   groups, languages, and religious groups. While some of us are
   trilingual in French, English, and Portuguese, millions more speak any
   one of the hundreds of languages spoken in Africa.

   African culture shapes our perspectives and maturity as political
   beings.

   “African nations must prohibit discrimination against African
   citizens”!

   In the domains of culture, citizenship, and the creation of identities,
   transnational themes are entwined with pan-Africanism and regionalism.
   These topics continue to interact from a political and economic
   standpoint.

   Pan-Africanism and regionalism have emerged as political ideologies in
   a response to the continent’s disintegration, marginalization, and
   subjugation at the hands of outside power. The idea stokes the flames
   of African identity and citizenship, which in turn causes the
   independent nation-states of Africa to give way to a more unified
   African state.

   African versions of Black Nationalism are developing into violent forms
   of intolerance geared against black-on-black racism, as predicted by
   Frantz Fanon, a French West Indian psychiatrist and political
   philosopher. This new kind of Black Nationalism is an ethno-racial
   project with the goal of breaking away from Africa and the people who
   have been forced to flee there. It has created two enemies: one fears
   and envies, and another despises and resents.

   African unification can only be achieved by recovering our rights and
   implementing the correct policies to suit the objectives of African
   citizens. The people and the states of Africa need to address the
   critical question of where and when they might begin laying the
   framework for continental citizenship.

   How can Africans achieve these grand aspirations without comprehensive
   immigration and citizenship policies at the national and continental
   levels? In light of this, there is no nation in contemporary Africa
   that is more desirable than the others.

   Stop spreading false and emotional messages that victimize our African
   sisters and brothers

   In the course of history, there will eventually come a day when no
   African or anyone of African origin will ever be made to feel ashamed.
   We might be able to see it when no African person is compelled to
   relocate, putting their lives in danger while attempting to cross the
   Atlantic Ocean and the deserts of Libya.

   One day, Africans may not wish to live on European or American soil,
   where they will either be unwelcomed or victimized, with their faces
   buried in shame and embarrassment. These Africans yearn for precisely
   the setting you have here.

   Lastly, it is essential to remind the African Union Commission (AUC),
   the Permanent Representatives Committee (PRC), and the AU Executive
   Council to relay this grave concern to the AU Head of State in order to
   reach a unified understanding and resolution. African nations must
   change their terminology and stop referring to Africans residing on
   their soil as “foreign nationals.”

   The media, academic community, and civil society should refrain from
   referring to African nationals as foreign nationals. Instead, Africans
   who reside in different African nations should be referred to as
   “non-citizen African nationals” until continental citizenship becomes
   feasible. Hence, a foreign national is a person who is born and resides
   outside of Africa’s landmass and shores.

   Seife Tadelle Kidane (PhD) is a senior research fellow at the
   University of Johannesburg’s Institute of Pan African Thought and
   Conversation (IPATC).
   Share
   Facebook
   Twitter
   WhatsApp
   Email
   Telegram

   Previous article
   The child within us
   Next article
   Policymakers need steady hand as storm clouds gather over global
   economy
   - Advertisement -

Fresh Topics

News in Brief

The business of aid

Sport commission signs deal to renovate Addis Ababa stadium

   Load more

Related Articles

   Contributor - December 31, 2022

Countries hurt by war, fragility need strong global partnerships, resources

   Contributor - December 24, 2022

Is a Global Recession Really Around the Corner?

   Contributor - December 17, 2022

From Climate Justice to Climate Liability

   Load more

About us

   Media and communications Center.
   Cameroon Street, Awlo Building 7th floor,
   E-mail: [email protected]
   Phone Number: (+251) 116-616-184
   Facebook
   Instagram
   Twitter
   Youtube

Other Services

   Reporter Tenders
   https://www.reportertenders.com
   Reporter Jobs
   https://www.ethiopianreporterjobs.com
   Ethiopian Reporter
   https://www.ethiopianreporter.com
   Reporter SMS Service 7474 (OK)

Subscribe

   To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special
   announcements.
   ____________________
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) I want in
   [ ] I've read and accept the Privacy Policy.

   Copyright © 2022 Media &amp; Communications Center. All Rights Reserved |
   Privacy Policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-8">
<text>
                                   Bloomberg

   Need help? Contact us

We've detected unusual activity from your computer network

   To continue, please click the box below to let us know you're not a
   robot.

  Why did this happen?

   Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that
   you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can
   review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.

  Need Help?

   For inquiries related to this message please contact our support team
   and provide the reference ID below.

   Block reference ID:
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_foreigner-9">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   Become a Member
   (BUTTON______________)
   [ ] Dark Mode
   Become a Member
   (BUTTON______________)
     * Latest News
     * Special Projects
     * Neon
     * FIT
     * Webqoof
     * My Report
     * Brand Studio

     * Indian Diaspora
     * Entertainment
     * Opinion
     * World
     * Videos
     * Podcasts
     * Sports
     * Law
     * More
          + Gender
          + Climate Change
          + FAQs
          + Explainers
          + Graphic Novels
          + Education
          + Quint Lab
          + Business
          + Good News
          + Members' Opinion
          + Photos

   [ ] Dark Mode
   Become a Member
   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Home
     * Elections
     * Jobs
     * About Us
     * T&amp;C
     * Privacy Policy

   FOLLOW US ON
   About UsContact UsPrivacy Policy
   ADVERTISEMENT

As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More Samans From
Dying?

It's unclear why Meloni govt didn't vote Saman's law, given her strong
campaigning against honour killing of minors

   Francesca Marino
   Published: 15 Oct 2022, 8:00 AM IST
   Opinion
   4 min read
   As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More Samans From
   Dying? As Meloni Govt Flips, Can Italy's Femicide Law Prevent More
   Samans From Dying?
   i
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Comments

   It was supposed to bear her name, Saman's name-- the law that would
   have helped girls like the young girl of Pakistani-origin, killed,
   because she rebelled against an arranged marriage and wished for the
   tools to be free. To say "No" to family-imposed obligations without
   running the risk of being coerced. But the law never made it to final
   approval.

   'Saman's law' cashed last April, its first yes vote with 385 votes in
   favor, no votes against, and 31 abstentions by deputies from Giorgia
   Meloni's Fratelli d'Italia; the same Meloni who is now the Prime
   Minister-to-be and who in the past, had been very vocal demanding
   justice for the victims.

   The proposed law takes its name from the case of an 18-year-old
   Pakistani-origin girl, Saman Abbas, living in Novellara, Italy since
   2016.

     She had asked for help from the police and social services to escape
     a marriage arranged by her family in Pakistan. She was living in a
     safe house since then but she had returned home recently, trusting
     her parents to retrieve some documents. Since then, she is missing.

   Also Read

Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime Minister On?

   Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime Minister
   On? Feminism Or Fascism: Which Side Is Italy's First Female Prime
   Minister On?
   ADVERTISEMENT

More Pakistani Women in Italy Fall Victim To Honour Killing

   Her parents, suddenly returned to Pakistan due to an alleged
   bereavement while the rest of her family disappeared. There's a video
   showing her father, uncles and a cousin dragging a big plastic bag and
   a couple of shovels. Her younger brother, found living with relatives
   in a nearby village, says she has been killed by the family. Her uncles
   have later been arrested and confessed the crime while her parents are
   still in Pakistan where the country refuses extradition for them.

   Saman's body has not been recovered yet. Hers was the latest case of a
   long, bloodied string of Pakistani-origin girls being harrassed and
   killed in Italy.

   So long that, in 2019, Law No. 69/2019, the so-called "Red Code,"
   introduced a special criminal case to punish forced marriages. This
   provision stipulates that "Whoever, by violence or threat, forces a
   person to enter into marriage or civil union shall be punished by
   imprisonment from one to five years. The same punishment applies to
   anyone who, taking advantage of a person's conditions of vulnerability
   or mental inferiority or need, with abuse of family, domestic, labour
   relations or authority arising from the person's entrustment for
   reasons of care, education or upbringing, supervision or custody,
   induces him or her to contract marriage or civil union."
   Also Read

Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's All We Know

   Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's All We
   Know Two Sisters Shot Dead in Pakistan in Honour Killing Case: Here's
   All We Know

     Thus, aggravating circumstances when the acts are committed against
     an eighteen year old or a minor of 14 years. The provisions of the
     article also apply when the act is committed abroad by an Italian
     citizen or foreigner residing in Italy or to the detriment of an
     Italian citizen or a foreigner residing in Italy.

   ADVERTISEMENT

Forced Marriages Rampant Among South Asian Minors

   The Central Directorate of Criminal Police of the Department of Public
   Security has recently published the first Report on the "Red Code" Law
   which is aimed at analysing the phenomenon with the goal of countering
   it. From 9 August 2019 -- the date of its entry into force to 31
   December 2021, there has been an increase in 'forced marriages.'

   Fifty-nine percent of the victims are foreigners, mostly Pakistani,
   followed by Albanian. In 73% of cases the perpetrators were
   predominantly Pakistani, Albanian, Bengali, and Bosnian men. The data,
   moreover, is not accurate, because the "underground" is missing.

   This crime, in fact, often takes place within the walls of the home and
   the victims are almost always young girls, forced to drop out of
   school, sometimes forced to remain locked in the house in the
   impossibility of reporting, even for fear of retaliation and do not
   even know who to turn to.

     'Saman's law' was intended to go a step further stating that those
     who denounce the coercion to marry could obtain the issuance of a
     residence permit for humanitarian reasons, for a duration of one
     year, renewable as long as the humanitarian needs that justified its
     issuance, persist.

   Also Read

Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour Killing Case

   Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour Killing
   Case Pakistani Social Media Star's Brother Acquitted In Her Honour
   Killing Case

   The immediate issuance of a residence permit to the victim will ensure
   that she can break free from the family of origin and no longer have to
   go back to his or her parents to beg for his or her papers, risking his
   or her life, as what happened to Saman. The law will also help girls
   who are still forced to live with their parents and follow their rules
   for all its difficulties, to get a residence permit on their own.
   ADVERTISEMENT

Can Meloni Govt Back Immigrant Womens’ Rights?

   The second generations are forced to carry the burden of the
   traditionalist Pakistani culture they are not part of, a culture very
   different from the culture of the country where they were born or
   raised. The Saman law will be a light in the dark for them.

   It is not clear why Meloni's parlamentarians did not vote Saman's law,
   given her strong campaigning against the 'culture' pushing mainly
   Pakistani immigrants to kill or harras their daughters in Italy.

   At anti-violence centers and social services, there are dozens of girls
   seeking help and trying to escape from unions arranged against their
   consent. They come mostly from Pakistan or Bangladesh, and are between
   16 and 25 years old. Let's hope that the first Italian woman Prime
   Minister will do the right thing and Saman's law will be passed without
   further discussion.

   Let's hope Saman, Hina, Sana and all the other Pakistani-origin girls
   killed by their families did not die in vain, and there will be justice
   for them. There's no honour in killing, and no 'culture' can justify
   the massacre of its daughters, in Italy or abroad. Never.

   (Francesca Marino is a journalist and a South Asia expert who has
   written ‘Apocalypse Pakistan’ with B Natale. Her latest book is
   ‘Balochistan — Bruised, Battered and Bloodied’. She tweets
   @francescam63. This is an opinion piece and the views expressed are the
   author's own. The Quint neither endorses nor is responsible for his
   reported views.)

   (At The Quint, we are answerable only to our audience. Play an active
   role in shaping our journalism by becoming a member. Because the truth
   is worth it.)

Read and Breaking News at the Quint, browse for more from voices and opinion

Topics:  Honour Killing   Pakistani Women   Italy Femicide Laws

   ADVERTISEMENT
   Speaking truth to power requires allies like you.
   Become a Member
   25
   100
   200

   or more

   PREMIUM
   3 months
   12 months
   12 months
   Check Member Benefits
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Share
     * Comments

   Read More

   Loading Comments...
   ADVERTISEMENT
   Stay Updated

   Subscribe To Our Daily Newsletter And Get News Delivered Straight To
   Your Inbox.
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Subscribe
   Join over 120,000 subscribers!
   ADVERTISEMENT
   More News
   ×
   ×

   SECTIONS
     * Indian Diaspora
     * Entertainment
     * Opinion
     * World
     * Videos
     * Podcasts
     * Sports
     * Law
     * Gender
     * Climate Change
     * FAQs
     * Explainers
     * Graphic Novels
     * Education
     * Quint Lab
     * Business
     * Good News
     * Members' Opinion
     * Photos

   TRENDING TOPICS
     * Entertainment
     * NEON
     * My Report
     * FIT
     * The Indian American
     * Climate Change

   FOLLOW US ON
   BQ PrimeQuint HindiFIT
   About UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyT&amp;C
</text>
</page> §
</mot>
<mot="ENG_outsider">
<page="url_outsider-1">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KGDKG6S

   ____________________ [search-icon.svg?d=393]
   Monday 02 January 2023
   SIGN UP
     * Home
     * UAE
          + Courts
          + Government
          + Education
          + Heritage
          + Health
          + Transport
          + Science
          + Megaprojects
          + Expo City Dubai
          + UAE in Space
     * Gulf
          + Saudi Arabia
          + Bahrain
          + Oman
     * MENA
          + Egypt
          + Iraq
          + Iran
          + Jordan
          + Lebanon
          + Syria
          + Tunisia
          + Arab Showcase
          + Captagon Crisis
     * World
          + UK
          + US
          + Africa
          + Asia
          + Australasia
          + Europe
          + The Americas
     * Business
          + Aviation
          + Economy
          + Energy
          + Money
          + Gratuity Calculator
          + Cryptocurrencies
          + Property
          + Banking
          + Technology
          + Markets
          + Travel and Tourism
          + Start-Ups
          + Future
          + Comment
     * Opinion
          + Comment
          + Editorial
          + Obituaries
          + Cartoon
          + Feedback
     * Climate
          + Cop27
          + Environment
          + Road to Net Zero
     * Health
          + Coronavirus
     * Lifestyle
          + Fashion
          + Food
          + Motoring
          + Luxury
          + Family
          + Home
          + Wellbeing
          + Things to do
          + Comment
     * Arts &amp; Culture
          + Art &amp; Design
          + Books
          + Film &amp; TV
          + Music &amp; On-stage
          + Pop Culture
     * Travel
          + Hotels
          + News
          + Airlines
          + Destinations
          + Responsible Tourism
          + Covid-19 Travel
     * Sport
          + World Cup
          + Football
          + Cricket
          + IPL
          + F1
          + UFC
          + Golf
          + Rugby
          + Horse Racing
          + Tennis
          + Other Sport
     * Weekend
     * Podcasts
          + Trending Middle East
          + Beyond the Headlines
          + Post Covid-19 Recovery
          + Business Extra
          + Pocketful of Dirhams
          + My 2020
          + Recorded
          + Seera
          + Books of my life

   SIGN UP
   alert bell icon
   The National logo
   Lifestyle
   search icon
   HOME
   SIGN UP
   alert bell icon
   (BUTTON)
     * UAE
     * Gulf
     * MENA
     * World
     * Business
     * Opinion
     * Climate
     * Health
     * Lifestyle
     * Arts &amp; Culture
     * Travel
     * Sport
     * Weekend
     * Podcasts

   SIGN UP
   alert bell icon
   search icon
     * Fashion
     * Food
     * Motoring
     * Luxury
     * Family
     * Home
     * Wellbeing
     * Things to do
     * Comment

The Texan 'outsider' turning Parisian fashion on its head

Daniel Roseberry is reigniting Elsa Schiaparelli's formidable legacy and
shaking up the world of haute couture

   (BUTTON) Expand (BUTTON) Autoplay
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Daniel Roseberry, creative director of Schiaparelli. Photo: Christophe
   Coenon
   Beyonce wore a Roseberry creation to the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. AFP
   Cate Blanchett wears Schiaparelli at the 79th Venice International Film
   Festival. Getty Images
   The Tear dress is exhibited alongside Salvador Dali paintings at the
   Schiaparelli exhibition. Photo: Dominique Maitre
   A Schiaparelli suit with drawer pockets designed by Dali. Photo: Kollar
   The Schiaparelli Exhibition 2022. Photo: Dominique Maitre
   A 1938 illustration by Bérard for Schiaparelli. Photo: Archives Maison
   Schiaparelli
   The Lobster dress was worn by the Duchess of Windsor. Photo: Dominique
   Maitre
   Schiaparelli's original Shocking perfume. Photo: Schiaparelli
   A bold look from Schiaparelli's autumn/winter 2022 haute couture show.
   Photo: Schiaparelli
   Schiaparelli's autumn/winter 2022 presentation. Photo: Schiaparelli
   Daniel Roseberry's autumn/winter 2022 collection for Schiaparelli.
   Photo: Schiaparelli
   Daniel Roseberry's distinctive silhouettes for Schiaparelli. Photo:
   Schiaparelli
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

   Daniel Roseberry, creative director of Schiaparelli. Photo: Christophe
   Coenon
   Francesca Fearon
   Oct 13, 2022
   (BUTTON)
   Listen In English
   (BUTTON)
   Listen in Arabic
   Beta V.1.0 - Powered by automated translation

   It is rare that a couture house is better known for what it does today
   than what it did a century ago. Dior, Chanel and Balenciaga are among
   the famous Parisian fashion labels to tap into their significant
   couture heritage to validate what they do now. However, Elsa
   Schiaparelli, who founded her maison in 1927 and shuttered it in 1954
   after accruing large debts, is far less well-known.

   Having lain dormant for 60 years, Schiaparelli was relaunched amid much
   excitement in 2012 by Italian fashion tycoon Diego Della Valle,
   chairman of Tod’s Group. Fabled guest designer Christian Lacroix was
   enlisted to create the initial collection, which was presented in
   Schiaparelli’s lovingly restored headquarters at 21, Place Vendome.

   However, it wasn’t until American singer Lady Gaga appeared in a
   spectacular custom-designed outfit to sing at President Biden’s
   inauguration that the Schiaparelli name truly registered on the radar
   of anyone outside the fashion world. The designer of that dress was
   Texan Daniel Roseberry, the thoughtful, quietly spoken son of an
   Anglican minister who was appointed creative director of the house of
   Schiaparelli in April 2019.
   Elsa Schiaparelli and Salvador Dali in 1949. Photo: Archives Snark

   Elsa Schiaparelli and Salvador Dali in 1949. Photo: Archives Snark

   Schiaparelli was a competitor of Gabrielle Chanel and one of the most
   revered fashion names in the first half of the 20th century. Her
   pioneering collaborations included tie-ups with surrealist artists such
   as Jean Cocteau, Man Ray and Salvador Dali. Her use of “shocking” pink
   and witty details including the shoe hat, lobster dress, trompe d’oeil
   tear dress and chest of drawer pocket details on tailoring are examples
   of her irreverent design vocabulary. These relationships are explored
   in Shocking! The Surreal World of Elsa Schiaparelli, an exhibition at
   the Musee des Arts Decoratifs in Paris that opened this summer and will
   run until January 22.

   In only 25 years, Schiaparelli turned fashion into a natural expression
   of the avant garde. She embodied the vision of a bright and vibrant
   Paris, curious about everything and enjoying each novelty that came her
   way. In November 1934, Harper’s Bazaar pronounced her to be “the most
   daring and original talent in the French dressmaking world … with
   volcanic energy and a fantastically fecund sense of modern invention”.
   READ MORE
   Day one highlights at Paris Haute Couture Week, from Dior to
   Schiaparelli

   When she died in 1973, Cristobal Balenciaga proclaimed her “the only
   real artist in couture”. Yves Saint Laurent similarly observed: “When
   she died, chic closed her eyes.”

   Schiaparelli was not just a dressmaker, she was “a brand maker”,
   explains Roseberry, sitting in the almost bare white studio overlooking
   the bustling Place Vendome where he spent the weekends during the
   pandemic sketching alone, in what at the time felt like an abandoned
   city. He realises, in hindsight, that it was a privilege and an
   incredibly inspiring time to think about her heritage, almost as if the
   ghost of Schiaparelli was looking over his shoulder.

   “Her legacy is incredibly modern — the house is complicated because her
   work is specific and singular, but is still very relevant today,”
   Roseberry says, pointing out that relaunches of storied houses don’t
   always work. Like Vionnet, he suggests, who created a methodology about
   how to cut a garment rather than a lasting vision.

   Roseberry believes the exhibition at the Musee des Arts Decoratifs lays
   bare “Elsa’s contribution to fashion — she was the first person to
   cross fashion with pop culture, but with artists that were the pop
   culture of that time”.
   Beyonce wore a Roseberry design to the 63rd annual Grammy Awards. AP
   Photo

   Beyonce wore a Roseberry design to the 63rd annual Grammy Awards. AP
   Photo

   In a contemporary world, the creative dialogue between fashion and art
   has become almost commonplace, but Schiaparelli was the first to start
   that conversation. Perhaps because of her background, she was drawn
   into the bohemian world of artists.

   An aristocrat, she grew up in a Baroque palace in Italy surrounded by
   Italian renaissance and classical antiquity and, intellectually, that
   went on to be reflected in her collections. Her father was an academic
   who specialised in the Islamic world and Middle Ages, while her uncle
   was a renowned astronomer. Schiaparelli, therefore, felt far more
   comfortable in the company of artists than in the Parisian “society” of
   her time.

   She was an outsider, something that Roseberry can relate to coming to
   Paris as a little-known designer from Texas, who had spent 11 years
   working in New York at Thom Browne, a designer who himself likes to
   play with surrealist concepts. “I can see that there is a freedom to
   being an outsider that gives you permission to play by the rules or
   not,” Roseberry says. “I think there is something about this outsider’s
   perspective, where mastering something that you were not raised with
   gives you a different perspective.”
   A look from Daniel Roseberry's autumn/winter 2022 collection for
   Schiaparelli. Photo: Schiaparelli

   A look from Daniel Roseberry's autumn/winter 2022 collection for
   Schiaparelli. Photo: Schiaparelli

   The house has given him the freedom to be himself, and while constantly
   linking back to Schiaparelli, “there are also things that are uniquely
   and personally mine”, Roseberry says.

   He initially launched into her madcap world with moulded tailoring and
   an evaluation of how he would approach the figure, something that has
   been part of his creative process since enrolling for life drawing
   classes at the age of 16. This focus on silhouette also relates to the
   famous hourglass body of Schiaparelli’s signature perfume bottle for
   Shocking, with a tape measure creating a trompe l’oeil detail that
   Roseberry has since reproduced on jackets.

   However, it is the eye-catching jewellery featuring parts of the
   anatomy that has made people sit up and notice. His gold body castings,
   he admits, caused a visceral reaction in the fashion world. Referencing
   the oversized gilded jewellery of the 1930s, 1970s and 1980s, they
   include cast ears, eyes, teeth and nose jewellery, gold toes on black
   shoes and lung necklaces, which Bella Hadid famously wore with a
   scooped neckline dress to the Cannes Film Festival last year. They were
   the first surrealist tropes that could live in a modern environment —
   however, he is conscious that the joke can wear thin, so expect
   something fresh and different in seasons to come.
   Lady Gaga wore Schiaparelli to sing at Joe Biden's inauguration. AP

   Lady Gaga wore Schiaparelli to sing at Joe Biden's inauguration. AP

   Overall, Roseberry has taken a very restrained approach to the
   extraordinary legacy that Elsa Schiaparelli left behind.

   “It’s about wearing the heritage in the archives very lightly because
   they can become a great burden, I think. Visually they are so striking
   and so specific and it’s not even silhouette driven, it’s even more
   specific than that,” explains Roseberry.

   He wants to rouse the same thrill at seeing something new that
   Schiaparelli did in her day, without endlessly mimicking her work. “I
   don’t think that is what she would have wanted today.” The exhibition
   features not only Schiaparelli’s archives, but also the work of
   designers such as Azzedine Alaia and John Galliano, who were inspired
   by the couturier, and of course pieces from Roseberry’s collections,
   including autumn/winter 2022, which featured the black velvet corset
   and pants with hand-painted flowers that Cate Blanchett wore to the
   Venice Film Festival last month, and Lady Gaga’s famous inauguration
   outfit.

   Roseberry has only been at Schiaparelli three years, but beyond Lady
   Gaga, he has chalked up several memorable red carpet moments with stars
   such as Adele, Cardi B, Maggie Gyllenhaal and Carey Mulligan. His
   personal favourite looks were Lady Gaga and Bella Hadid’s, along with
   the leather body-conscious dress Beyonce wore the night she set the
   record for the most Grammys won by a singer.

   “I am so honoured to be part of that,” Roseberry muses, but also
   describes the exhibition opening, sharing a platform with the great
   Elsa Schiaparelli, as a “mind-blowing moment that will go down in
   memory”. It has been a remarkable trajectory for the man from Texas.
   Updated: October 13, 2022, 6:15 AM
   EDITOR'S PICKS
   MORE FROM THE NATIONAL
   UAE
     * Courts
     * Government
     * Education
     * Heritage
     * Health
     * Transport
     * Science
     * Megaprojects
     * Expo City Dubai
     * UAE in Space

   Gulf
     * Saudi Arabia
     * Bahrain
     * Oman

   MENA
     * Egypt
     * Iraq
     * Iran
     * Jordan
     * Lebanon
     * Syria
     * Tunisia
     * Arab Showcase
     * Captagon Crisis

   World
     * UK
     * US
     * Africa
     * Asia
     * Australasia
     * Europe
     * The Americas

   Business
     * Aviation
     * Economy
     * Energy
     * Money
     * Gratuity Calculator
     * Cryptocurrencies
     * Property
     * Banking
     * Technology
     * Markets
     * Travel and Tourism
     * Start-Ups
     * Future
     * Comment

   Opinion
     * Comment
     * Editorial
     * Obituaries
     * Cartoon
     * Feedback

   Climate
     * Cop27
     * Environment
     * Road to Net Zero

   Health
     * Coronavirus

   Lifestyle
     * Fashion
     * Food
     * Motoring
     * Luxury
     * Family
     * Home
     * Wellbeing
     * Things to do
     * Comment

   Arts &amp; Culture
     * Art &amp; Design
     * Books
     * Film &amp; TV
     * Music &amp; On-stage
     * Pop Culture

   Travel
     * Hotels
     * News
     * Airlines
     * Destinations
     * Responsible Tourism
     * Covid-19 Travel

   Sport
     * World Cup
     * Football
     * Cricket
     * IPL
     * F1
     * UFC
     * Golf
     * Rugby
     * Horse Racing
     * Tennis
     * Other Sport

   Weekend
   Podcasts
     * Trending Middle East
     * Beyond the Headlines
     * Post Covid-19 Recovery
     * Business Extra
     * Pocketful of Dirhams
     * My 2020
     * Recorded
     * Seera
     * Books of my life

   Footer logo
   About Us Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up Work With Us Privacy Policy
   Advertise With Us Terms &amp; Conditions Sitemap Archive
   Follow us

   [tr?id=797427810752825&amp;amp;ev=PageView&amp;amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-10">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-11">
<text>
   Explore
   Search
   Monday, Jan 02, 2023
   New Delhi ^oC
   Hindustan Times News
   Games
   E-Paper
   [exciting-deals.svg] [white-close-icon.svg] Avail your free vouchers
   now, in My Offers
   Sign in
   My Account
   Start 15 Days Free Trial
   Subscribe
   Enjoy unlimited access

   Subscribe Now! Get features like
   Ad lite A Minimal Ad Experience
   HT Premium Articles Expertly crafted articles
   Quickreads Segment News brief in summary format
   HT E-paper Access digital news experience
   [1x1.jpg]
   Start 15 Days Free Trial

     * Home
     * Latest News
     * India
     * World
     * Cities
     * Entertainment
     * Cricket
     * Lifestyle
     * Astrology
     * Editorials
     * For You
     * Shop Now

     * Trending
     * Quickreads
     * Daily Digest
     * Quiz
     * videos
     * Photos
     * Tech
     * Business
     * Sports
     * Web Stories
     * Delhi News
     * Mumbai News
     * Bengaluru News
     * Following
     * HT Premium
     * Games
     * + 7 more
          + Web Stories
          + Delhi News
          + Mumbai News
          + Bengaluru News
          + Following
          + HT Premium
          + Games

   Home / Cities / Chandigarh News / College campuses, students and
   outsiders: three’s a crowd

   Read this news in brief form. Click here X

College campuses, students and outsiders: three’s a crowd

   chandigarh news
   Published on Oct 14, 2022 01:55 AM IST

Often canvassing support for one political outfit or the other ahead of PU’s
student polls, outsiders at have become a bit of an eyesore for the students
at Chandigarh colleges

   Leadind up to Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) polls,
   the occurrence of outsiders making their way on to college campuses
   across Chandigarh have shot up. (HT Filr) Leadind up to Panjab
   University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) polls, the occurrence of
   outsiders making their way on to college campuses across Chandigarh
   have shot up. (HT Filr)
   (BUTTON) Follow Us
   (BUTTON) Follow Us
   Share Via
   Copy Link
   ByRajanbir Singh, Chandigarh

   As campus politics heat up in the run up to the Panjab University
   Campus Student Council (PUCSC) polls, chances of one running into an
   outsider on the college campuses across the city have also shot up.

   Often canvassing support for one political outfit or the other, they
   have become a bit of an eyesore for the students and the college
   authorities.

   Even on Tuesday, which was a holiday to mark Guru Ramdas’ birth
   anniversary, the DAV campus in Sector 10 was still lively, with members
   of various political parties dotting the entrance gate. While the
   Sector 3 police station has set up a checkpoint right opposite the
   entrance, rashly-driven jeeps with party stickers could be seen
   speeding by at regular intervals.

   Police officials said only students living in hostels were allowed
   inside the campus. On the other side of the gates, a student says he
   had gotten accustomed, but not entirely comfortable, to the sight of
   crowds, the speeding cars, the odd fights and arguments that break.

   At Goswami Ganesh Dutta Sanatan Dharma College, Sector 32, outsiders
   have also disrupted normalcy. Chirag Batra and Nikhil Bansal, both
   enrolled at the college, say many students feel that outsiders are
   crowding the campus even as the outfits based out of their own college
   are treated unfairly.

   “College authorities misbehaved with the college’s own parties. A
   recent three-hour protest to disallow outsiders from campus saw several
   students not involved in politics participate. Student elections do not
   bring around a lot of change, and we don’t want to see brawls and
   violence on our campus,” the duo added.

   Indian National Students Organisation (INSO) leader from DAV-10,
   Aashish Phogat says authorities need to toughen up the act against
   outsiders, “While checking ID proof at the entrance is a must, in case
   there is any suspicion there is a server room right besides the gate
   where the roll number of a student can be checked to verify the
   identity.”

   Presidential candidate at the SD college representing the Sanatan
   Dharam College Union and Sanatan Dharam Hostel Union, Ritik Shukla,
   echoes the sentiment, saying, “While the college’s own party faces the
   authorities’ ire, parties which bring on members from Panjab University
   are given a free hand at roaming around the campus.”

   In the face of chaos, authorities have been forced to get extra help
   with crowd control. DAV-10 principal Pawan Sharma says, “We have hired
   four bouncers for the election period. Nobody is allowed to enter the
   campus without photo ID proof as we have had problems with outsiders
   instigating the students in the past.”

   The problems are more complex for all-girls colleges. Principal of the
   girls’ college in Sector 42, Nisha Aggarwal said, “From Wednesday,
   entry for outsiders had been strictly banned. Boys especially are not
   allowed inside the campus, and the students must carry their ID cards
   with them to enter.”

   Another city college principal, not wishing to be named, meanwhile,
   offered a quick reminder that while college authorities are trying
   their best to keep a check on outsiders, the UT administration must
   chip in with support to help keep campuses conducive for its students.
   SHARE THIS ARTICLE ON
   Subscribe to our best newsletters
   HT Daily Capsule
     * Pick a topic of your interest and subscribe
     * [ ] All Newsletters

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Subscribe
   Subscribed to newsletter successfully
   Thank you for subscribing to our Daily News Capsule newsletter.

   Personalise your news feed. Follow trending topics
   (BUTTON) Done
   TRENDING TOPICS
     * Coronavirus Live Updates
     * Suryanagari Express
     * Delhi News
     * Horoscope 2023
     * CBSE
     * Horoscope Today

   SHARE
   Copy
   Whatsapp Twitter Facebook Linkedin

Join Hindustan Times

Create free account and unlock exciting features like

   (BUTTON) Newsletters, Alerts and Recommendations Get personalised news
   and exiting deals Bookmark the stories you want to read later
   (BUTTON) REGISTER FOR FREE
   Already have an account? Sign In
   SKIP

   (BUTTON) Click to Top

   Story Saved

   OPEN APP

   ×
   Edit Profile
   Start 15 Days Free Trial Subscribe Now

Your Subscription Plan

   Cancel Subscription
   Saved Articles
   Following
   My Reads
   My Offers
   Sign out

   New Delhi ^0C
   Monday, January 02, 2023

   Start 15 Days Free Trial Subscribe Now
     * Home
     * Year Ender
     * Elections
     * HTLS 2022
     * Astrology
     * India News
     * Lifestyle
     * Entertainment
     * Trending
     * Cricket
     * Videos
     * Education
     * Photos
     * World News
     * Sports
     * Cities
     * Business
     * Daily Digest
     * Quickreads
     * Opinion
     * Analysis
     * For You
     * Following
     * Web Stories
     * Science
     * Podcasts
     * Latest News
     * Cricket
          + T20 World Cup 2022
          + India vs South Africa
          + Asia Cup 2022
          + ICC Rankings
          + Schedule
     * Cities
          + Delhi
          + Mumbai
          + Bengaluru
          + Gurugram
          + Noida
          + Hyderabad
          + Chennai
          + Kolkata
          + Bhopal
          + Chandigarh
          + Dehradun
          + Indore
          + Jaipur
          + Lucknow
          + Patna
          + Pune
          + Ranchi
          + Other Cities
     * Lifestyle
          + Fashion
          + Health
          + Relationships
          + Art and Culture
          + Travel
          + Recipes
          + Festivals
          + Pet
          + Brunch
     * Entertainment
          + Bollywood
          + TV
          + Web Series
          + Music
          + Hollywood
          + Telugu Cinema
          + Tamil Cinema
     * Education
          + Exam Results
          + Competitive Exams
          + Board Exams
          + Admission
          + Employment
     * Astrology
          + Horoscope
          + Festive Calendar 2022
          + Compatibility Calculator
     * Elections
          + Himachal Pradesh
          + Gujarat
     * Videos
          + india news
          + infocus
          + HT Insight
          + Explainer Videos
          + On The Record
          + HT Weekend
          + Aur Batao
          + Vikram Chandra Daily Wrap
     * Photos
          + Entertainment
          + Lifestyle
          + News
     * Sports
          + Football
          + T20 World Cup 2022
          + Hockey
          + Tennis
     * HT Insight
          + Public Health
          + Economic Policy
          + International Affairs
          + Climate Change
          + Gender Equality
     * Games
          + Daily Sudoku
          + Daily Crossword
          + Daily Word Jumble
     * More from HT
          + CricHT Fantasy
          + Auto
          + HT Tech
          + HT Bangla
          + HT School
          + HT Brand Stories
          + Quiz
          + HT Friday Finance

     * Explore Hindustan Times
     * HT Newsletters
     * Weather Today
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Disclaimer
     * Print Ad Rates
     * Code of Ethics
     * Sitemap
     * RSS Feeds
     * Subscription - Terms of Use

   Copyright © HT Digital Streams Ltd. All rights reserved.
   My Account
   [exciting-deals.svg] My Offers
   Saved Articles
   Sign in
   Register Free and get Exciting Deals
   Sign out
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-12">
<text>
                                403 Forbidden
     __________________________________________________________________

                                    nginx
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-13">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-14">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-15">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-16">
<text>
   #Daily Maverick » Feed Daily Maverick » Comments Feed Daily Maverick »
   De Beers’ CEO Bruce Cleaver to make way for outsider Al Cook Comments
   Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-T933ZD&amp;gtm_auth=gskZPt5
   GHUBZO58D-EeEOw&amp;gtm_preview=env-1&amp;gtm_cookies_win=x

   dm-logo (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
   Daily Maverick mobile logo
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * Login Support DM

     * Home
     * Investigations
          + Scorpio
          + Our Burning Planet
          + Amabhungane
          + Declassified UK
     * News &amp; Analysis
          + Business Maverick
          + Maverick Citizen
          + Sport
          + Newsdeck
          + Maverick News
     * Features
          + Opinionistas
          + Maverick Life
          + TGIFood
          + Covid-19
          + Podcasts
          + Webinars
          + Zapiro
     * Newsletters
     * Newspaper
          + E-Edition
          + Contact Us

   ____________________ (BUTTON) GO
     *
     * Shop
     * Support DM

     *
     * Shop
     * Support DM

     * Login

Daily Maverick

Business Maverick

COMPANIES ANALYSIS

De Beers’ CEO Bruce Cleaver to make way for outsider Al Cook

   De Beers’ CEO Bruce Cleaver to make way for outsider Al Cook
   Newly appointed De Beers Group CEO Al Cook. (Photo: Twitter)
   mm mm
   By Ed Stoddard
   Follow Following
   10 Oct 2022
   Follow Following
   0

The CEO of De Beers, Bruce Cleaver, will step down in 2023 to take up a
non-executive role, with outsider Al Cook named as his replacement. Cook is
currently vice-president of exploration international production for Equinor
ASA, a Norway-based energy company, and he will assume the helm at an
interesting time for the diamond industry.

   Unlike a diamond, being CEO of De Beers is not forever.

   Anglo American CEO Duncan Wanblad said in a statement that Cleaver had
   decided “to step back after six years to a non-executive role”. There
   had been speculation that Cleaver was in contention to replace former
   Anglo CEO Mark Cutifani, who retired in April.

   Cook cut his teeth at BP and then Equinor in an international energy
   career and Wanblad commented that his “… multidisciplinary strategic
   skill set and strong personal conviction and values are ideally suited
   to the nature of De Beers, a global business that spans much of the
   spectrum, from exploration and mining to Bond Street and Madison
   Avenue”.

   De Beers certainly does span a wide spectrum and these are interesting
   times for the global diamond industry. The traditional site auctions
   that De Beers perfected – in part to retain a tight grip on the trade –
   are being challenged by upstarts that are selling directly to
   manufacturers.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Visit Daily Maverick’s home page for more news, analysis and
   investigations
     __________________________________________________________________

   Meanwhile, De Beers has set its sights on remote locations – such as
   the coast of Greenland – for exploration and is producing diamonds in
   the Canadian Arctic.

   EXCLUSIVE: Diamond giant De Beers hunts for treasure in Greenland’s
   waters | Reuters

   Under Cleaver, the company had returned to Angola after a 20-year
   absence and even began exploring again around Kimberley, where it all
   began in 1869.

   Cleaver also navigated De Beers through the choppy waters of the Covid
   pandemic.

   Producers are keenly aware of the “blood” or “conflict diamond” risk to
   their reputation and keeping stringent tabs on the sourcing of gems
   remains a priority.

   Among the tasks in Cook’s inbox will be the renewal of De Beers’
   marketing agreement for the production of rough diamonds from Botswana
   via Debswana, its joint venture with the government.

   “The Government of the Republic of Botswana and De Beers Group have
   extended their existing agreement for the sale of Debswana’s rough
   diamond production by 12 months until 30 June 2023. Following further
   positive progress towards a new agreement being made in the first half
   of 2022, the two parties have agreed to the one-year extension to
   enable the finalisation of the ongoing discussions,” De Beers said in
   June.

   So, the incoming CEO has a lot on his plate, and Anglo’s shareholders
   and other stakeholders will be expecting a polished performance. BM/DM
   Share to Facebook Share to Twitter Share to Email App Share to WhatsApp
   Hide
   Gallery
     * Al Cook
     * Anglo-American
     * Bruce Cleaver
     * De Beers
     * diamond industry
     * Ed Stoddard
     * mining industry
     __________________________________________________________________

Comments - share your knowledge and experience

   Please note you must be a Maverick Insider to comment. Sign up here or
   sign in if you are already an Insider.

   Everybody has an opinion but not everyone has the knowledge and the
   experience to contribute meaningfully to a discussion. That’s what we
   want from our members. Help us learn with your expertise and insights
   on articles that we publish. We encourage different, respectful
   viewpoints to further our understanding of the world. View our comments
   policy here.

   No Comments, yet

   Adverts on/off? You choose.

   (BUTTON) X

Top Reads This Hour

   Acting PP agrees Tembisa decuplets never existed - but still no
   scrutiny for Piet Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role Acting PP agrees
   Tembisa decuplets never existed - but still no scrutiny for Piet
   Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role
   Maverick News

Acting PP agrees Tembisa decuplets never existed – but still no scrutiny for
Piet Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role

   The most glorious beaches in South Africa – including some hidden gems
   The most glorious beaches in South Africa – including some hidden gems
   DM168

The most glorious beaches in South Africa – including some hidden gems

   eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for sewage in our
   sea water eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for
   sewage in our sea water
   People of the Year

eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for sewage in our sea
water

   Norval’s Pont in the Northern Cape — where legends shine forever
   Norval’s Pont in the Northern Cape — where legends shine forever
   Maverick Life

Norval’s Pont in the Northern Cape — where legends shine forever

   Changing the world: the extraordinary people behind the scenes who are
   making South Africa work Changing the world: the extraordinary people
   behind the scenes who are making South Africa work
   DM168

Changing the world: the extraordinary people behind the scenes who are making
South Africa work

TOP READS IN SECTION

   Acting PP agrees Tembisa decuplets never existed - but still no
   scrutiny for Piet Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role Acting PP agrees
   Tembisa decuplets never existed - but still no scrutiny for Piet
   Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role
   Maverick News

Acting PP agrees Tembisa decuplets never existed – but still no scrutiny for
Piet Rampedi and Iqbal Surve's role

   eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for sewage in our
   sea water eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for
   sewage in our sea water
   People of the Year

eThekwini mayor Mxolisi Kaunda nearly tops the pile for sewage in our sea
water

   Mandy Rambharos gives Eskom’s coal-driven Komati new life as a
   renewable power plant station Mandy Rambharos gives Eskom’s coal-driven
   Komati new life as a renewable power plant station
   People of the Year

Mandy Rambharos gives Eskom’s coal-driven Komati new life as a renewable
power plant station

   Gwede ‘Ol’ King Coal’ Mantashe is labelled polluter-in-chief by our
   readers Gwede ‘Ol’ King Coal’ Mantashe is labelled polluter-in-chief by
   our readers
   People of the Year

Gwede ‘Ol’ King Coal’ Mantashe is labelled polluter-in-chief by our readers

   Families and friends of victims of Boksburg gas tanker explosion share
   their heartache and trauma Families and friends of victims of Boksburg
   gas tanker explosion share their heartache and trauma
   Maverick News

Families and friends of victims of Boksburg gas tanker explosion share their
heartache and trauma

SPONSORED CONTENT

   Uber Eats Cravings Report reveals fastest delivery done in 113 seconds
   Uber Eats Cravings Report reveals fastest delivery done in 113 seconds
   Sponsored Content

Uber Eats Cravings Report reveals fastest delivery done in 113 seconds

   BCX collaborates on 5G-enabled innovation set to transform mining BCX
   collaborates on 5G-enabled innovation set to transform mining
   Sponsored Content

BCX collaborates on 5G-enabled innovation set to transform mining

   Home Suite Hotels brings hospitality back to basics Home Suite Hotels
   brings hospitality back to basics
   Sponsored Content

Home Suite Hotels brings hospitality back to basics

   The merits, or not, of hedging exchange rate risk in a strong dollar
   world The merits, or not, of hedging exchange rate risk in a strong
   dollar world
   Sponsored Content

The merits, or not, of hedging exchange rate risk in a strong dollar world

   2023 Outlook: A time of culmination 2023 Outlook: A time of culmination
   Sponsored Content

2023 Outlook: A time of culmination

   Share to Facebook Share to Twitter Share to Email App Share to WhatsApp
   Hide

Investigations

     * Scorpio
     * Our Burning Planet
     * amaBhungane
     * Maverick Citizen
     * Declassified UK
     * Contact Us

Investigations

     * Scorpio
     * Our Burning Planet
     * amaBhungane
     * Maverick Citizen
     * Declassified UK
     * Contact Us

News &amp; Analysis

     * Business Maverick
     * Maverick Citizen
     * Maverick Sports
     * Newsdeck
     * Contact Us

News &amp; Analysis

     * Business Maverick
     * Maverick Citizen
     * Maverick Sports
     * Newsdeck
     * Contact Us

Features

     * Opinionista
     * Maverick Life
     * TGIFood
     * COVID-19
     * Podcasts
     * Zapiro

Features

     * Opinionista
     * Maverick Life
     * TGIFood
     * COVID-19
     * Podcasts
     * Zapiro

Newsletters

     * First Thing
     * Business Maverick
     * Judith’s Prudence
     * SME
     * Life &amp; Books
     * TGIFood
     * Zapiro
     * Sports
     * Advertise with us
     * Sales Deck

Newsletters

     * First Thing
     * Business Maverick
     * Judith’s Prudence
     * SME
     * Life &amp; Books
     * TGIFood
     * Zapiro
     * Sports
     * Advertise with us
     * Sales Deck

Community

     * About us
     * Membership
     * Events &amp; Webinars
     * Announcements
     * Buy Books &amp; Swag
     * DM’s 10 Year Story
     * Contact us

Community

     * About us
     * Membership
     * Events &amp; Webinars
     * Announcements
     * Buy Books &amp; Swag
     * DM’s 10 Year Story
     * Contact us

DM168

     * E-Edition
     * Contact Us

DM168

     * E-Edition
     * Contact Us

   Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

   We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience
   by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept
   All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit
   "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
   Cookie SettingsAccept All

   Manage consent

   (BUTTON) Close

Privacy Overview

   This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
   through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as
   necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the
   working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use
   third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use
   this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with
   your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But
   opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing
   experience.
   Necessary
   [X] Necessary
   Always Enabled
   Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
   properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security
   features of the website, anonymously.
   Cookie Duration Description
   __cfduid 1 month The cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFlare to
   identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply
   security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any
   user ID in the web application and does not store any personally
   identifiable information.
   _GRECAPTCHA 5 months 27 days This cookie is set by Google. In addition
   to certain standard Google cookies, reCAPTCHA sets a necessary cookie
   (_GRECAPTCHA) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk
   analysis.
   cid 1 year This is an important cookie in making credit card
   transaction on the website. It allows the online transaction without
   storing the credit card information.This service is provided by
   Stripe.com.
   connect.sid 1 month This cookie is used for authentication and for
   secure log-in. It registers the log-in information.
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie
   Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the
   cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR
   Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for
   the cookies in the category "Analytics".
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR
   cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the
   category "Functional".
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR
   Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent
   for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR
   Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for
   the cookies in the category "Other.
   cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR
   Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for
   the cookies in the category "Performance".
   CookieLawInfoConsent 1 year Records the default button state of the
   corresponding category &amp; the status of CCPA. It works only in
   coordination with the primary cookie.
   elementor never This cookie is used by the website's WordPress theme.
   It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's
   content in real-time.
   JSESSIONID session Used by sites written in JSP. General purpose
   platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across
   page requests.
   PHPSESSID session This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie
   is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the
   purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a
   session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
   viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie
   Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented
   to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
   Functional
   [ ] Functional
   Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing
   the content of the website on social media platforms, collect
   feedbacks, and other third-party features.
   Cookie Duration Description
   __atuvc 1 year 1 month This cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you
   see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our
   share count cache is updated.
   __atuvs 30 minutes This cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you see
   the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our share
   count cache is updated.
   __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie is set by CloudFlare. The cookie is used
   to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
   __pvi 1 day This cookie is used for the implementation of the news
   content from other sites.
   bcookie 2 years This cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the
   cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.
   lidc 1 day This cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing.
   Performance
   [ ] Performance
   Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key
   performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better
   user experience for the visitors.
   Cookie Duration Description
   d 3 months This cookie tracks anonymous information on how visitors use
   the website.
   Analytics
   [ ] Analytics
   Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with
   the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the
   number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
   Cookie Duration Description
   __gads 1 year 24 days This cookie is set by Google and stored under the
   name dounleclick.com. This cookie is used to track how many times users
   see a particular advert which helps in measuring the success of the
   campaign and calculate the revenue generated by the campaign. These
   cookies can only be read from the domain that it is set on so it will
   not track any data while browsing through another sites.
   _ga 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is
   used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of
   site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store
   information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to
   identify unique visitors.
   _ga_Y7XD5FHQVG 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
   _gat_UA-10686674-1 1 minute This is a pattern type cookie set by Google
   Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique
   identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to
   be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of
   data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
   _gid 1 day This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is
   used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in
   creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data
   collected including the number visitors, the source where they have
   come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.
   ajs_anonymous_id never This cookie is set by Segment.io to check the
   number of ew and returning visitors to the website.
   ajs_user_id never The cookie is set by Segment.io and is used to
   analyze how you use the website
   ANON_ID 3 months This cookie is provided by Tribalfusion. The cookie is
   used to give a unique number to visitors, and collects data on user
   behaviour like what page have been visited. This cookie also helps to
   understand which sale has been generated by as a result of the
   advertisement served by third party.
   jam_heavy_ga_session 5 years This cookie is installed by Google
   Analytics.
   UserID1 3 months The cookie sets a unique anonymous ID for a website
   visitor. This ID is used to continue to identify users across different
   sessions and track their activities on the website. The data collected
   is used for analysis.
   uvc 1 year 1 month The cookie is set by addthis.com to determine the
   usage of Addthis.com service.
   Advertisement
   [ ] Advertisement
   Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads
   and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites
   and collect information to provide customized ads.
   Cookie Duration Description
   __tbc 2 years This cookie is used for measuring the efficiency of
   advertisement by registering data on visitors from multiple website.
   _cc_aud 8 months 26 days The cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The
   purpose of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an
   anonymous form about the visitors of the website. The data collected
   include number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the
   what pages have been loaded. These data are then used to segment
   audiences based on the geographical location, demographic, and user
   interest provide relevant content and for advertisers for targeted
   advertising.
   _cc_cc session The cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose of the
   cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous form about
   the visitors of the website. The data collected include number of
   visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages have been
   loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based on the
   geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide relevant
   content and for advertisers for targeted advertising.
   _cc_dc 8 months 26 days The cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose
   of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous
   form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include
   number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages
   have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based
   on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide
   relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising.
   _cc_id 8 months 26 days The cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose
   of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous
   form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include
   number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages
   have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based
   on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide
   relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising.
   _kuid_ 5 months 27 days The cookie is set by Krux Digital under the
   domain krxd.net. The cookie stores a unique ID to identify a returning
   user for the purpose of targeted advertising.
   _rxuuid 1 year The main purpose of this cookie is targeting,
   advertesing and effective marketing. This cookie is used to set a
   unique ID to the visitors, which allow third party advertisers to
   target the visitors with relevant advertisement up to 1 year.
   ANON_ID_old 3 months This cookie helps to categorise the users interest
   and to create profiles in terms of resales of targeted marketing. This
   cookie is used to collect user information such as what pages have been
   viewed on the website for creating profiles.
   bscookie 2 years This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share
   Buttons and ad tags.
   CMID 1 year The cookie is set by CasaleMedia. The cookie is used to
   collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.
   CMPRO 3 months This cookie is set by Casalemedia and is used for
   targeted advertisement purposes.
   CMPS 3 months This cookie is set by Casalemedia and is used for
   targeted advertisement purposes.
   CMST 1 day The cookie is set by CasaleMedia. The cookie is used to
   collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.
   DSID 1 hour This cookie is setup by doubleclick.net. This cookie is
   used by Google to make advertising more engaging to users and are
   stored under doubleclick.net. It contains an encrypted unique ID.
   google_push 5 minutes This cookie is set by the Bidswitch. This cookie
   is used to collect statistical data related to the user website visit
   such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and
   what pages have been loaded. This collected information is used to sort
   out the users based on demographics and geographical locations inorder
   to serve them with relevant online advertising.
   i 1 year The purpose of the cookie is not known yet.
   id 3 months The main purpose of this cookie is targeting and
   advertising. It is used to create a profile of the user's interest and
   to show relevant ads on their site. This Cookie is set by DoubleClick
   which is owned by Google.
   IDE 1 year 24 days Used by Google DoubleClick and stores information
   about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before
   visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are
   relevant to them according to the user profile.
   IDSYNC 1 year This cookie is used for advertising purposes.
   KADUSERCOOKIE 3 months The cookie is set by pubmatic.com for
   identifying the visitors' website or device from which they visit
   PubMatic's partners' website.
   KTPCACOOKIE 1 day This cookie is set by pubmatic.com for the purpose of
   checking if third-party cookies are enabled on the user's website.
   ljt_reader 1 year This is a Lijit Advertising Platform cookie. The
   cookie is used for recognizing the browser or device when users return
   to their site or one of their partner's site.
   loc 1 year 1 month This cookie is set by Addthis. This is a geolocation
   cookie to understand where the users sharing the information are
   located.
   mc 1 year 1 month This cookie is associated with Quantserve to track
   anonymously how a user interact with the website.
   mt_mop 1 month Stores information about how the user uses the website
   such as what pages have been loaded and any other advertisement before
   visiting the website for the purpose of targeted advertisements.
   personalization_id 2 years This cookie is set by twitter.com. It is
   used integrate the sharing features of this social media. It also
   stores information about how the user uses the website for tracking and
   targeting.
   suid_legacy 1 year This cookie is used to collect information on user
   preference and interactioin with the website campaign content. This
   cookie is used for promoting events and products by the webiste owners
   on CRM-campaign-platform.
   TDCPM 1 year The cookie is set by CloudFlare service to store a unique
   ID to identify a returning users device which then is used for targeted
   advertising.
   TDID 1 year The cookie is set by CloudFlare service to store a unique
   ID to identify a returning users device which then is used for targeted
   advertising.
   test_cookie 15 minutes This cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The
   purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports
   cookies.
   tluid 3 months This cookie is set by the provider AdRoll.This cookie is
   used to identify the visitor and to serve them with relevant ads by
   collecting user behaviour from multiple websites.
   tuuid 1 year This cookie is set by .bidswitch.net. The cookies stores a
   unique ID for the purpose of the determining what adverts the users
   have seen if you have visited any of the advertisers website. The
   information is used for determining when and how often users will see a
   certain banner.
   tuuid_lu 1 year This cookie is set by .bidswitch.net. The cookies
   stores a unique ID for the purpose of the determining what adverts the
   users have seen if you have visited any of the advertisers website. The
   information is used for determining when and how often users will see a
   certain banner.
   uid 5 months 27 days This cookie is used to measure the number and
   behavior of the visitors to the website anonymously. The data includes
   the number of visits, average duration of the visit on the website,
   pages visited, etc. for the purpose of better understanding user
   preferences for targeted advertisments.
   uuid 1 year 27 days To optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data
   from multiple websites such as what pages have been loaded.
   VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 5 months 27 days This cookie is set by Youtube. Used
   to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.
   wfivefivec 1 year 1 month The domain of this cookie is owned by Dataxu.
   The main business activity of this cookie is targeting and advertising.
   This cookie tracks the advertisement report which helps us to improve
   the marketing activity.
   xbc 2 years This cookie is used for optmizing the advertisement on the
   website more relevant by analysing the user behaviour and interaction
   with the website.
   YSC session This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the
   views of embedded videos.
   Others
   [ ] Others
   Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have
   not been classified into a category as yet.
   Cookie Duration Description
   __browsiSessionID 30 minutes No description available.
   __browsiUID 1 year No description available.
   __cflb 23 hours This cookie is used by Cloudflare for load balancing.
   __gpi 1 year 24 days No description
   ajs_group_id never This cookie is set by Segment.io. The purpose of the
   cookie is currently not identified.
   blkbs 6 days 23 hours No description
   charitable_session 1 day No description available.
   cookietest session No description
   debug never No description available.
   gCStest 7 years 1 month 26 days 16 hours No description
   muc_ads 2 years No description
   revengine_browser_id session No description
   revengine-browser-token session RevEngine Data Tool.
   rl_user_id never No description available.
   tf_respondent_cc 6 months No description
   UserMatchHistory 1 month Linkedin - Used to track visitors on multiple
   websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the
   visitor's preferences.
   vic_loc_error 10 minutes No description
   vicinity_id 1 year 10 months 24 days 11 hours Vicinity Advertising.
   SAVE &amp; ACCEPT
   Powered by CookieYes Logo

Please peer review 3 community comments before your comment can be posted

   (*) looks good ( ) no (*) mis/disinformation?

   IFRAME:
   https://revengine-tracker.remp.dailymaverick.co.za?action=pageview&amp;ip=1
   72.71.134.140&amp;request_time=1672670678&amp;post_id=1425869&amp;user_id=0&amp;post_ti
   tle=De+Beers%E2%80%99+CEO+Bruce+Cleaver+to+make+way+for+outsider+Al+Coo
   k&amp;post_type=article&amp;home_page=0&amp;post_author=Ed+Stoddard&amp;post_sections%5
   B0%5D=South+Africa&amp;post_sections%5B1%5D=Business+Maverick&amp;post_sections
   %5B2%5D=South+Africa&amp;post_sections%5B3%5D=Business+Maverick&amp;post_tags%5
   B0%5D=Al+Cook&amp;post_tags%5B1%5D=Anglo-American&amp;post_tags%5B2%5D=Bruce+Cl
   eaver&amp;post_tags%5B3%5D=De+Beers&amp;post_tags%5B4%5D=diamond+industry&amp;post_
   tags%5B5%5D=Ed+Stoddard&amp;post_tags%5B6%5D=mining+industry&amp;post_tags%5B7%
   5D=Al+Cook&amp;post_tags%5B8%5D=Anglo-American&amp;post_tags%5B9%5D=Bruce+Cleav
   er&amp;post_tags%5B10%5D=De+Beers&amp;post_tags%5B11%5D=diamond+industry&amp;post_t
   ags%5B12%5D=Ed+Stoddard&amp;post_tags%5B13%5D=mining+industry

   X

This article is free to read.

Register for free or log in to read this article.

   Unlike our competitors, we don’t force you to pay to read the news but
   we do need your email address to make your experience better.
   Create your free account or log in
   ________________________________________
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)________ [BUTTON Input] (not
   implemented)__________________
   FAQ | Contact Us

   Nearly there! Create a password to finish up registering with us:

   [X] You want to receive First Thing, our flagship daily newsletter. Opt
   out at any time.
   ______________________________
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)______________ [BUTTON Input] (not
   implemented)______________________

   Please enter your password or get a login link if you’ve forgotten
   ____________________
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)_____ [BUTTON Input] (not
   implemented)_________

   Thank You for creating a free account
   [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)______________________

We would like our readers to start paying for Daily Maverick...

   …but we are not going to force you to. Over 10 million users come to us
   each month for the news. We have not put it behind a paywall because
   the truth should not be a luxury. Instead we ask our readers who can
   afford to contribute, even a small amount each month, to do so. How
   often do you read us? Is our journalism worth R6.57 a day to you? If it
   is, you will get R200 a month in Uber vouchers straight back and a host
   of other benefits.

   Join our Maverick Insider membership programme. If it is not for you,
   you can cancel anytime.

   Join The Cause

   Already an Insider? Click here to login
   Become a Maverick Insider

  A South African Hero: You

   There’s a 99.8% chance that this isn’t for you. Only 0.2% of our
   readers have responded to this call for action.

   Those 0.2% of our readers are our hidden heroes, who are fuelling our
   work and impacting the lives of every South African in doing so.
   They’re the people who contribute to keep Daily Maverick free for all,
   including you.

   We need so many more of our readers to join them. The equation is quite
   simple: the more members we have, the more reporting and investigations
   we can do, and the greater the impact on the country. We are inundated
   with tip-offs; we know where to look and what to do with the
   information when we have it – we just need the means to help us keep
   doing this work.

   Be part of that 0.2%. Be a Maverick. Be a Maverick Insider.

   Support Daily Maverick→
   Payment options

   (BUTTON)

Become an Insider Become an Insider

   There are many great benefits to being a Maverick Insider. Removing
   advertising from your browsing experience is one of them - we don't
   just block ads, we redesign our pages to look smarter and load faster.

   Click here to see other benefits and to sign-up to our reader community
   supporting quality, independent journalism.
   Find out More
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-17">
<text>
   Skip to main content

   [module]
     * Home
     * Local
     * Sports
     * Things to Do
     * Nation Now
     * Business
     * Travel &amp; Explore
     * Politics
     * Opinion
     * Investigations
     * eNewspaper
     * Advertise with Us
     * Obituaries
     * Archives
     * Weather
     * Crosswords
     * Newsletters
     * AZ International Auto Show &amp; New Car Buyer's Guide 2020 Model Year
     * Connect With Us
     * For Subscribers

   [module]

   [b6a4bc92-b2de-4e41-affc-e6f92e8f7067-jason-beck-peoria-9769251002-01.j
   pg?crop=1983,1488,x1400,y211?width=320&amp;height=240]

This political 'outsider' is running for Peoria mayor. What voters should
know about Jason Beck
     __________________________________________________________________

   Taylor Seely   | Arizona Republic

   Jason Beck describes himself as a Christian conservative, but long
   before entering the Peoria mayoral race, he characterized himself as a
   calloused kid who liked to fight.

   He grew up in Missouri with a mom he said was abusive, an absent father
   and in and out of foster care — a combination that “hardened” him, he
   said on the Arizona Originals podcast.

   Beck tried college, but said it wasn't for him. He told The Arizona
   Republic he wasn’t a good student and he wanted to earn money, not
   accrue debt.

   "I knew that that was my way out of poverty," he said.

   He joined the Marine Corps Reserve in 1992, but didn't see it as a
   career path. After three years, Beck said he took an option to cut his
   contract short.

   Instead, he found a career in fighting, returning to the mixed-martial
   arts he'd practiced as a kid. Teaching Jiu Jitsu led him to Arizona,
   where he eventually trained military and law enforcement personnel in
   MMA.

   By 2001, he launched a company selling tactical gear, then sold it
   seven years later, he said. He would open a similar business in Peoria
   in 2010.

   Beck's Tyr Tactical quietly grew into one of Peoria's largest private
   employers with more than 300 workers in a shop near Loop 101 and Olive
   Avenue. The company makes products such as bulletproof vests and
   shields for police departments across the country and military
   forces around the globe.

   Peoria, like many cities, seeks high-wage employers, and Beck campaigns
   on his experience growing a business. At his company, he offers a full
   slate of health benefits and a free onsite medical clinic, but some of
   his employees qualify for state-funded health insurance. There are
   mixed reviews of the work culture.

   Beck and his company gained the political spotlight when then-Vice
   President Mike Pence toured the facility and campaigned there for
   Donald Trump in 2020. Two years later, Beck is making his first run for
   political office with the support of Republican politicians from U.S.
   Rep. Debbie Lesko, R-Ariz., to state Senate President Karen Fann.

   While he has found a strong base of support, some wonder how far right
   Beck's political ties extend.

   Beck, for his part, has said he would be a mayor for all and that such
   questions are meant to distract from the city's flawed leadership.

   He has criticized the city for its emergency response times and for not
   spending more to staff public safety.

   He said he's running to make Peoria more "business focused" and
   questions the ability of his opponent in the Nov. 8 mayoral election,
   seven-year City Council member Bridget Binsbacher, to build investor
   confidence.  He's tired of seeing the city build apartments where they
   should be building jobs, he said.

   "Peoria needs an outsider and a jobs creator to actually change the
   future of the city and to actually drive the city to its future
   development," Beck said at a recent mayoral debate.

   Beck and Binsbacher are engaged in one of the most contentious,
   expensive and partisan mayoral races in the city's history.

Beck's relationship with the far right

   Some Peoria residents have questioned his connections to some on the
   far right.

   At least one member of the Patriot Party of Arizona appeared to
   have helped Beck knock on doors to build support last February,
   according to social media posts.

   “We're going to hit the ground this Sunday 0800. Where’s my Peoria
   Patriots? Please join us at the Beck Compound to meet up and get the
   good news out to our neighbors!,” wrote Traci Kinney, an administrator
   of the Patriot Party Facebook Group.

   Kinney later told The Republic she never knocked on doors for Beck but
   that she supported him.

   The grassroots activist group, Patriot Party of Arizona, which says it
   espouses "constitutional conservatism," has grown alongside a
   larger Patriot movement defined by divisive and conspiratorial
   beliefs.

   The movement has been at the center of debates over gun rights, sex
   education in schools and re-opening the state during the pandemic. They
   also claim the 2020 election was rigged and rally around so-called
   "election integrity" reforms such as banning mail-in ballots and
   restricting voting to one day in person.

   Kinney contends Patriot Party members are not far right or
   extremist but rather true conservatives who haven't shifted left like
   many establishment Republicans. She added that she did not like Beck's
   affiliation with some Republicans she calls "RINOS," or Republican in
   name only.

   Beck said he has never been a member of the Patriot Party and only
   first heard of them  last year.

   Read more: How the Patriot movement’s extreme views found a home in the
   GOP

   “Jason Beck is Peoria’s only choice for constitutional conservatives,”
   Kinney wrote in another Facebook post in March. She added an eyeball
   emoji, saying “(Look or watch) CLOSELY! We’re just getting started!”

   Kinney has driven around town in one of the trucks with a massive
   digital billboard supporting Beck. Beck has not claimed use of the
   trucks on his campaign finance reports, which prompted a resident to
   file a complaint against him that is under investigation.

   Beck has also hosted events at his company alongside candidates and
   others who claim the 2020 election was rigged, including Abe Hamadeh, a
   vocal election denier running for Arizona attorney general, and Richard
   Grenell, a former acting director of national intelligence under
   President Trump.

   Beck donated $5,000 to Hamadeh's campaign, according to state records.

   State Rep. Shawnna Bolick, R-Phoenix, endorsed Beck. Bolick, in the
   uproar over Biden's win in the 2020 presidential election, sponsored
   legislation that would have allowed state lawmakers to choose the slate
   of presidential electors instead of voters if they believed there was
   fraud.

   Related: Supreme Court Justice’s wife pressured Arizona lawmakers,
   Rusty Bowers and Shawnna Bolick, to overturn 2020 presidential election
   results

   David Sandoval, a Peoria school board member who is running as a
   Democrat for the state Legislature, rescinded his endorsement of Beck
   this spring, saying most of his endorsements catered to a “certain
   sector” of Peoria.

   Sandoval's family was born and raised in the Old Town area and
   he'd heard grievances from south Peoria residents who felt
   underrepresented by the City Council. He initially endorsed Beck after
   listening to the story of how he grew up, seeing his company's success
   and hearing his message that he’d be a mayor for all. But after seeing
   Beck’s other endorsements, he pulled out.

   "What he and I spoke about and what he told me, doesn't seem to be in
   line with what his campaign looks like and what his messaging is,"
   Sandoval said.

   Peoria City Councilmember Denette Dunn, a registered independent, told
   The Republic she encouraged Beck to run for mayor after a conversation
   with Kinney and a talk with Beck quelled her concerns.

   “My big thing is I don’t like extremism, but that’s me. I still have to
   serve people that have extreme beliefs," Dunn told The Republic. "We
   should all try to get along and understand each other.”

   Dunn also said she considered the Trump campaign signs that were
   plastered on Tyr Tactical's building in 2020. The city received two
   complaints against Beck at the time for displaying a Trump 2020 flag
   and three Trump-Pence campaign posters on the outside of the building.
   The city cited Beck for not obtaining a temporary signage permit for
   the posters but not for the flag, which it said was simply a show of
   support that did not violate city code. Beck removed the posters,
   Peoria records show.

   “Like a million other people, I saw the big Trump signs on the
   building,” Dunn said. “I wanted to make sure if he was interested (in
   running), would he serve everybody? ...  I asked him a lot of tough
   questions, and I was really happy with the answers that he gave me.”

   At a recent mayoral debate, the candidates were asked if the 2020
   election was free and fair. Both skirted the question. Binsbacher
   said it was time to move on. Beck offered a refrain similar to what has
   been asserted by Republican Senate candidate Blake Masters and
   Republican Secretary of State candidate Mark Finchem.

   "Our president is Joe Biden, and the reason we know that is because
   we've got the worst economy since 1929," Beck said.

   He went on to add, "What we need to do is actually make sure that we
   have a focus on our city."

   Peoria debate: Beck, Binsbacher sound off on education, jobs and public
   safety

Campaigning among Republicans

   City elections are nonpartisan, meaning a candidate's political party
   affiliation isn't on the ballot.

   But Beck, who is a registered Republican like Binsbacher, has the
   support of many GOP politicians and organizers in Peoria.

   In addition to Lesko and Fann, he also has the endorsement of House
   Majority Leader Ben Toma, R-Peoria, who lost his City Council seat to
   Binsbacher in 2015.

   Lori Bango, who formed the AZ Christian Patriots group and chairs
   Legislative District 28 Republicans, is an active Beck supporter.

   In turn, Beck has also supported GOP candidates, including:
     * $5,300 to Matt Salmon, a Republican who ran for governor.
     * $5,000 to Hamadeh.
     * $2,000 to Bolick, who lost her bid to become secretary of state.
     * $2,500 to Andrew Gould, an unsuccessful candidate for attorney
       general.
     * $2,500 to Beverly Pingerelli, a Republican seeking reelection to
       the state Legislature.
     * $1,500 to Devon Day for Peoria school board.
     * $1,500 to Heather Rooks for Peoria school board.

   Beck has continued to open Tyr Tactical's facilities for Republican
   gatherings, hosting a Karrin Taylor Robson campaign event in July in
   the same week LD28 Republicans held an event there that included Kari
   Lake. Robson lost to Lake in the GOP primary for governor a couple of
   weeks later.

Beyond the politics

   Beyond politics, to Beck’s friends, he is a successful businessman,
   faithful family man and obvious choice for mayor. He is married with
   six sons.

   Mark Moore, a pastor at Christ's Church of the Valley in Peoria, said
   he met Beck a dozen or so years ago when Beck approached him looking
   for guidance on “truly living as a disciple of Jesus.”

   The conversation became an entry point to a years-long friendship.
   They've gone on pilgrimages to Israel and hunting trips — Beck’s love
   of hunting is on display at his office, where two deer heads are
   mounted behind his desk. Beck also began leading a weekly church group
   in his home.

   “He is first and foremost a father and a husband,” said Moore, who
   has donated $1,000 to his campaign.

   Through the years, Moore said he’s seen the different sides of Beck and
   what drives him.

   “You’re going to experience two Jason Becks. One is a very forward
   looking, I don’t mean aggressive in a negative way, but a very —” Moore
   regathered his thoughts. “Let me say it this way. He’s a very driven
   businessman.”

   He explained that Beck is a “straight shooter” who “wants to be the
   best at what he does.”

   He also described Beck as a protector. “He's in the body armor
   industry. He does that so that he can protect people,” Moore said.

   Lesko called Beck “passionate,” “energetic” and “genuinely nice.”

   “You can’t help but be inspired by him,” she told The Republic. “He has
   a vision and he knows how to get something done.”

   Lesko, who lives in Peoria, said the city needs his business savvy.

   Beck also has support from the Mexican-American advocacy group Chicanos
   por la Causa and Peoria AFSCME labor union, which represents city
   workers. He's garnered the accolades of longtime Peoria resident Eva
   Osuna, too.

   Osuna, a Democrat who drives around with a Biden-Harris bumper sticker,
   said she protested at Tyr Tactical when Beck hosted Pence in 2020. She
   doesn’t align with him ideologically, but this is a nonpartisan race,
   she said, and she’s drawn to his accessibility.

   “He’s so open to dialogue. I like that,” Osuna said, though she noted
   she still hadn't decided if she'd vote for him.

In the workplace

   Beck repeatedly picked up tiny scraps of trash on the warehouse floor
   as he toured a Republic reporter around Tyr Tactical.

   He pointed out meticulous details: the white power cords hanging from
   the white ceiling over work stations. This was non-negotiable, he said.
   He wanted the facility to feel light and airy, not like a jail or a
   dungeon.

   The bathrooms have a number and light above each door. Fifteen
   bathrooms for 15 teams. A light shining red or green above the door
   indicates when the restroom is in use.

   It’s for efficiency and courtesy, he said. So people don’t stop working
   and waste time walking over to an in-use bathroom.

   The workers on the warehouse floor, mostly at sewing machines, were
   diverse.

   About 45% of the 320 employees are Hispanic, 28% are Asian, 22% are
   white and 5% are Black, according to data the company provided The
   Republic. The company did not provide statistics for diversity among
   upper management.

   Beck said he deploys a “leaders-eat-last mentality” and he credited his
   employees as "the backbone of our company" after receiving a recent
   Arizona Manufacturer of the Year Award from the Arizona Chamber of
   Commerce and Industry and the Arizona Manufacturers Council.

   Beck told The Republic he believes if he takes care of his employees,
   they’ll take care of him.

   He points to Tyr Tactical’s medical clinic as an example. Beck said he
   employs a doctor who workers can see for free. He also offers health
   care coverage, although he said some of his employees prefer
   state-funded health insurance.

   “They like the process of AHCCCS because they don’t have to pay
   anything at all,” Beck said. “I think employees will game the system as
   much as they can whenever it comes to those things.”

   AHCCCS, or Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System, is provided by
   the state to people with disabilities, pregnant women and low-income
   individuals who live within a certain range of the federal poverty
   level.

   The federal poverty level for a family of four for 2022 is $27,750.

   Beck said the average warehouse employee at Tyr Tactical makes $14.90
   an hour, with a longer term goal to increase it to $16.50.

   “We've had the state increases in minimum wage, you know, in a very
   rapid fashion, which has not been real business friendly, to be honest
   with you,” he added.

   Jobs website Indeed.com, which allows people to anonymously rank and
   review companies, shows positive reviews that highlight the health,
   dental and eye insurance as well as opportunities for overtime
   and annual pay increases.

   Overall, Tyr Tactical averaged three out of five stars.

   More critical reviews said the owner would tear into workers without
   knowing all the details of a situation and play favorites. Another
   review called Beck a visionary, but said his drive can create a toxic
   environment where people can be afraid to speak up.

   Michael Koncar, who worked at Tyr Tactical until 2019, said he was one
   of those favorites. But he ran into trouble when he decided to join the
   military. He delayed telling the company, he said, because he feared
   being fired.

   After he notified HR, Koncar said Beck pulled him into a meeting with
   other company leaders and screamed at him for what he guessed was five
   minutes, spewing profanities and calling him an emasculating
   expletive for not signing up for active duty military.

   Koncar said he returned to work the next week and was pulled into
   another meeting with Beck. In an audio recording of the meeting
   provided to The Republic, Beck can be heard explaining why he got
   angry.

   It wasn’t about Koncar joining the military, Beck explained in the
   recording, it was that he delayed telling the company. The way Beck saw
   it, Koncar had a future at the company, he said.

   Beck acknowledged the dispute to The Republic, but denied using the
   emasculating expletive and characterized Koncar as a disgruntled
   employee. Beck said any major issues he's had with employees were
   because they lied, stole or cheated.

   "Not everybody's always ethical, and I have a serious problem with
   that," he said.

   Koncar was fired a few months later. Beck said Koncar stole company
   property and illegally sold it online. Koncar said Beck allowed him and
   other employees to take leftover gear from Beck's former company.

   “It wasn’t stealing anything. It was like, ‘Hey, throw this away or
   take what you want.’ It was very clear that that was the intention,”
   Koncar told The Republic.

   In the podcast from 2019, Beck had said when he was young that he
   wanted stability and safety. But he didn’t understand what he was going
   through mentally.

   “It was more about, ‘Hey, you need to suck it up, be a hard ass in
   life.’ And I did. So that’s the way I handled things,” Beck said on the
   podcast. “It made me a very hard person to deal with. While I was there
   for my friends, I was a very loving person in some ways, I was a hard
   ass. And that probably still has a lot of stick to it still during
   these days.”

   Learn about the opposing candidate: A closer look into Peoria mayoral
   candidate Bridget Binsbacher

   Reach reporter Taylor Seely  at tseely@arizonarepublic.com or
   480-476-6116. Follow her on Twitter @taylorseely95 or Instagram
   @taylor.azc.
   Facebook Twitter Email

   Share your feedback to help improve our site!

     * Help
     * Terms of Service
     * Your California Privacy Rights/Privacy Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Site Map
     * Accessibility
     * Our Ethical Principles
     * Do Not Sell My Info/Cookie Policy

   [icon-instagram_24.png]
   © Copyright Gannett 2022
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-18">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-19">
<text>
   Skip to content

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W57KL6V

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) ×
   Pique Newsmagazine
   Join our Newsletter
   Sign in or register for your free account
     * Your Profile
     * Your Subscriptions
     *
     * Support Local News
     * Payment History
     *
     * (BUTTON) Sign Out

   Registered Users
   Already have an account?

   Sign In
   New Users
   Create a free account.

   Register
     * Support Local News
     * Sign up for Daily Headlines
     * Sign up for Notifications
     * Contact Us

     * Home
     * News
          + Local News
          + BC News
          + COVID-19
          + National News
          + World News
          + Local Business
          + Bizwire
          + National Business
     * Sports
          + Local Sports
          + National Sports
          + Crankworx 2022
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Send us a letter
          + Maxed Out
          + Pique'n Yer Interest
     * Arts &amp; Life
          + Local Arts
          + Food
          + Museum Musings
          + Travel
          + Endorsed
          + Lifestyle
          + The Mix
     * Events
     * Features
          + Cover Stories
          + Print Editions
          + Driving
          + Weather
          + Events
          + Gas Prices
          + Contests
          + Best of Whistler - Vote
          + StandOut
          + Special Publications
     * Classifieds
          + Whistler Jobs
          + Long Term Accommodations
          + Short Term Accommodations
     * Support Local News

   (BUTTON)

   Search Type

   (*) Site

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Join our Newsletter
    1. Home
    2. Opinion

The Outsider: Consider yourself local? Have your say and vote

   "Some recreation-focused residents of Whistler sometimes forget
   that—for better or worse—political change affects us all."
   Vince Shuley Oct 14, 2022 7:00 AM
     * Share on Facebook
     * Share on Twitter
     * Share on LinkedIn
     * Forward by Email
     * (BUTTON)
       Print
     * Share via Text Message

   whistleroutsidervote Time in the mountains can make you think... about
   who to vote for in the municipal election this Saturday, Oct. 15.Photo
   by Vince Shuley
   Listen to this article
   00:05:27

   Like many international transplants, for the first 10 years of living
   in Whistler, I couldn’t vote in any of Canada’s elections. Not that it
   particularly bothered me, because I was all about having a good time:
   ski, bike, beer, repeat. Politics didn’t concern me, and I was
   blissfully ignorant of community concerns, provincial policies and
   federal funding.

   It took me about 10 years to gain my Certificate of Canadian
   Citizenship, which I still proudly display on my home office wall.
   Fellow seasonals-turned-lifers know all too well the length and
   bureaucratic hassle of that process; qualifying for one of Canada’s
   immigration programs, collecting written proof of jobs worked a decade
   ago, procuring criminal record checks from any country in which you
   spent more than a few months... I could fill this entire page with
   document checklists and proverbial hoops one needs to jump through in
   order to gain Permanent Residency (PR) status in Canada. And I think I
   can speak for every Permanent Resident when I say the effort is worth
   it. No more stress about work visas or whether you’ll need to exit the
   country at the end of the season. The PR milestone signifies the moment
   when you can genuinely lay your foundations in this country, this
   province and this community.

   But there’s one catch. PR doesn’t allow you to vote. For that
   constitutional right, you must get a passing score of 16/20 on your
   citizenship test and swear your allegiance to Canada and its (new)
   king. You don’t need to go to England or anything, you just need to
   stand in a room full of people in front of a judge, pledge your
   allegiance to this country and sing O Canada. This ceremony is a far
   less emotive affair in today’s Zoom version, but is still an
   unforgettable day in the lives of newly-naturalized Canadians.

   The biggest practical benefit of naturalization is being able to apply
   for a Canadian passport, so you no longer need to hold up your Canadian
   friends at the border on that road trip to the States. The biggest
   civic benefit of calling oneself Canadian? You guessed it.

   Voting in federal, provincial and (arguably most importantly) municipal
   elections.

   I’m not going to go into which council candidates support what and all
   the hot- button issues like housing, sustainability etc. since we’ve
   had plenty of that commentary already. What I will say is that some
   recreation-focused residents of Whistler sometimes forget that—for
   better or worse—political change affects us all. And yes, that applies
   at the local level.

   Let’s take a look at a few of the reasons Whistler residents may not
   vote, or more likely, just not bother.

I can’t vote because I’m not Canadian yet. I would if they allowed
non-Canadians to vote.

   Fair enough. I get the frustration of not being able to have your say
   when you’ve lived in Whistler for years, contributed to its economy and
   genuinely care about your community. But voting is a constitutional
   right reserved for those who have citizenship at birth or immigrants
   who run through the aforementioned process. Start yours now and you may
   get to vote in 2026.

There are so many candidates I can’t keep track. A lot of them are saying the
same thing: “we need more housing, yadda yadda.” How am I supposed to make an
informed vote?

   Yes, there are a lot of candidates. Some of them you may even know
   personally or professionally. The best resource is the paper in your
   hands. Pique’s reporters do a bang-up job of council and mayoral
   candidate profiles. G.D. Maxwell takes it a step further with his own
   endorsements. If you want to get a sense of everyone’s platform while
   say, washing the dishes, replay the Pique all-candidates meeting on
   your phone. It is three hours long, but you can skip around to the
   juicy parts.

Have you seen the weather this October? Screw the election, I’m going camping
this weekend.

   The strange and very welcomed sunny weather this October may well be
   the biggest contributor to a poor voter turnout on election day. But
   the future of your community shouldn’t take a backseat to one more
   great weekend of the seemingly endless summer of 2023. Advanced polling
   has been and gone, but General Voting Day kicks off at 8 a.m. on Oct.
   15 at Myrtle Philip Community School. So have your car packed the night
   before, wake up early and go vote. Put that on your Instagram stories
   before all your other weekend highlights.

   We have some solid incumbents running for re-election. Cathy Jewett and
   Jen Ford are the two I trust most to balance progress with the steady
   hand of experience. It’s great to see a bunch of younger candidates in
   the running, too, though not all seem to have done their homework. The
   one candidate I’ve seen present themselves with research and knowledge
   akin to more experienced councillors is Brendan Ladner, a.k.a. the
   “Skiable Future” guy. Yeah, the slogan is kinda tacky, but Ladner
   struck me as having a work ethic that matches his passion.

   As Pique editor Braden Dupuis wrote recently, “If you’re not actively
   involved, you get the policy you deserve. Simple as that.” That goes
   for all you skiers, bikers, hikers, skaters, softball leaguers,
   volleyball players and anyone else who prioritizes fun recreation over
   most other things in life. Real locals give a shit. So have your say on
   Saturday.

   Vince Shuley wants you to vote this Saturday, October 15. For
   questions, comments or suggestions for The Outsider email vince.
   shuley@gmail.com or Instagram @whis_vince
     __________________________________________________________________

     * See a typo/mistake?
     * Have a story/tip?
     __________________________________________________________________

This has been shared 0 times

     * 0
       Shares
     * Share on Facebook
     * Share on Twitter
     * Share on LinkedIn
     * Forward by Email
     * (BUTTON)
       Print
     * Share via Text Message
     __________________________________________________________________

More Opinion

   Opinion: For clear answers to complex problems, consider engaging in a
   chat with Chat
   Opinion: For clear answers to complex problems, consider engaging in a
   chat with Chat
   Jan 1, 2023 9:07 AM
   Jack Knox: Happy New Year, but watch that drunk-driving U-turn
   Jack Knox: Happy New Year, but watch that drunk-driving U-turn
   Jan 1, 2023 8:52 AM
   Village 8: Swan song
   Village 8: Swan song
   Jan 1, 2023 7:00 AM
     __________________________________________________________________

   Comments
     * (BUTTON) Sort
          + Oldest Newest
     * (BUTTON) Add
     * (BUTTON) Show
     __________________________________________________________________

Featured Flyer

     *
     *
     *

     * News
          + Local News
          + BC News
          + COVID-19
          + National News
          + World News
          + Local Business
          + Bizwire
          + National Business
     * Sports
          + Local Sports
          + National Sports
          + Crankworx 2022
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Send us a letter
          + Maxed Out
          + Pique'n Yer Interest
     * Arts &amp; Life
          + Local Arts
          + Food
          + Museum Musings
          + Travel
          + Endorsed
          + Lifestyle
          + The Mix
     * Events
     * Features
          + Cover Stories
          + Print Editions
          + Driving
          + Weather
          + Events
          + Gas Prices
          + Contests
          + Best of Whistler - Vote
          + StandOut
          + Special Publications
     * Classifieds
          + Whistler Jobs
          + Long Term Accommodations
          + Short Term Accommodations
     * Support Local News

   About
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Our Publications:
     * Pemberton Visitor's Guide
     * Crank'd Bike Magazine
     * FAQ The Insiders' Guide
     * Whistler Magazine
     * Discover Squamish
     * Wishes Whistler Wedding Magazine
     * Sea to Sky Health &amp; Wellness
     * Sea to Sky Contractors

   Glacier Media Group
   Visit our network of sites:
     * Alaska Highway News
     * Bowen Island Undercurrent
     * Burnaby Now
     * Castanet
     * Coast Reporter
     * Dawson Creek Mirror
     * Delta Optimist
     * Lethbridge Herald
     * Medicine Hat News
     * Moose Jaw Today
     * New West Record
     * North Shore News
     * Pique Newsmagazine
     * Powell River Peak
     * Prince George Citizen
     * REW.ca
     * Richmond News
     * SaskToday.ca
     * Squamish Chief
     * Times Colonist
     * TriCity News
     * Vancouver is Awesome
     * Western Investor
     * Airdrie Today
     * Alberta Prime Times
     * Cochrane Today
     * Lakeland Today
     * Mountain View Today
     * Okotoks Today
     * RMO Today
     * St. Albert Today
     * Town and Country Today

   Glacier Media Digital

   © 2023 Pique Newsmagazine

   ×
   push icon
   Be the first to read breaking stories. Enable push notifications on
   your device. Disable anytime.
   No thanks (BUTTON) Subscribe
   No thanks (BUTTON) Subscribe

   [tr?id=2413650292000269&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-2">
<text>
   Skip to content
     * Menu
     * Weekly edition
     * Search

   Log in
     * Featured
          + War in Ukraine
          + Recession watch
          + The World Ahead 2023
          + US politics
          + Climate change
          + Coronavirus
          + 1843 magazine
          + The world in brief
     * Sections
          + The world this week
          + Leaders
          + Letters
          + Briefing
          + United States
          + The Americas
          + Asia
          + China
          + Middle East &amp; Africa
          + Europe
          + Britain
          + International
          + Business
          + Finance &amp; economics
          + Science &amp; technology
          + Culture
          + Graphic detail
          + Obituary
          + Special reports
          + Technology Quarterly
          + Essay
          + By Invitation
          + Schools brief
          + The Economist explains
          + The Economist reads
     * More
          + Newsletters
          + Podcasts
          + Films
          + Subscriber events
          + iOS app
          + Android app
          + Online courses

     * My Economist
     * Saved stories
     * Log out

     * Saved stories
     * Account
     * Log out

   Search
   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Podcasts | The Intelligence

“What I found was really great enthusiasm for him”—Nigeria’s outsider
candidate leads

Also on the daily podcast: the economic illiteracy of Myanmar’s junta and the
bravery of a Soviet-era missionary

   Oct 11th 2022
   (BUTTON) Share

   OUR CORRESPONDENT meets with Peter Obi, who has a handsome poll lead
   and an appeal that spans the country’s religions and ethnicities. But
   his presidential bid still faces obstacles. Myanmar’s ruling junta is
   doing more than suppressing the country’s people: it is battering the
   economy equally efficiently. And remembering Brother Andrew, who made
   daring deliveries behind the Iron Curtain. Runtime: 25 min

   IFRAME:
   https://embed.acast.com/theintelligencepodcast/help-them-obi-one-hopefu
   l-candidate-in-nigeria

   Listen on: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | Google | Stitcher | TuneIn

   For full access to print, digital and audio editions of The Economist,
   subscribe here www.economist.com/intelligenceoffer
   (BUTTON) Share
   Reuse this content

More from Podcasts

What does the world’s thirst for oil mean for Alaska’s ice?

   Our weekly podcast on democracy in America. This week, in the second of
   two episodes, we ponder what is at stake in Alaska as oil production
   continues

A special episode of the daily podcast reflecting on a year of obituaries
     __________________________________________________________________

Can we learn to disagree better? An episode from our archive

   In one of our favourite episodes of 2022, we asked the organisational
   psychologist Adam Grant how to argue more effectively in a polarised
   world
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Subscribe
     * Group subscriptions
     * Reuse our content
     * The Trust Project
     * Help and contact us

Keep updated

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest
   between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid
   ignorance obstructing our progress.”

The Economist

     * About
     * Advertise
     * Press centre

The Economist Group

     * The Economist Group
     * Economist Intelligence
     * Economist Impact
     * Economist Events
     * Working Here
     * Economist Education Courses
     * Which MBA?
     * Executive Jobs
     * Executive Education Navigator

     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Manage Cookies
     * Accessibility
     * Modern Slavery Statement
     * Sitemap
     * Do Not Sell My Personal Information

   Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2023. All rights reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-20">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P59JVDP

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) [crypto-wallet.png] Connect Wallet
   Wallet Settings
   Disconnect Wallet
   MetaMask [metamask.png]
   WalletConnect [wallet-connect.png]
     * Sign In
       (BUTTON) My Account
       Manage Account Digital Magazines Subscriber Benefits TIME
       Storefront Help Center Sign Out
     * Subscribe Subscribe

     * Spotlight Story Column: Pope Benedict’s legacy is bound to his
       resignation

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)

   My Account
     * Manage Account
     * Digital Magazines
     * Subscriber Benefits
     * TIME Storefront
     * Help Center
     * Sign Out

   (BUTTON) Sign In (BUTTON) Subscribe

   Sections
     * Home
     * U.S.
     * Politics
     * World
     * Health
     * Climate
     * Personal Finance by NextAdvisor
     * Future of Work by Charter
     * Business
     * Tech
     * Entertainment
     * Ideas
     * Science
     * History
     * Sports
     * Magazine
     * TIME 2030
     * TIME Studios
     * Video
     * TIME100 Talks
     * TIMEPieces
     * The TIME Vault
     * TIME for Health
     * TIME for Kids
     * TIME Edge
     * TIME Co2
     * Red Border: Branded Content by TIME

   Join Us
     * Newsletters
     * Subscribe
     * Subscriber Benefits
     * Give a Gift
     * Shop the TIME Store
     * Connect Wallet

   Customer Care
     * US &amp; Canada
     * Global Help Center

   Reach Out
     * Careers
     * Press Room
     * Contact the Editors
     * Media Kit
     * Reprints and Permissions

   More
     * Privacy Policy
     * Your California Privacy Rights
     * Terms of Use
     * Site Map

   Connect with Us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Entertainment
     * Television
     * Vampires Are Taking Over Pop Culture Again—But This Time, the
       Monster Is Us

Vampires Are Taking Over Pop Culture Again—But This Time, the Monster Is Us

   A decade after Twilight mania, bloodsuckers are back in the pop-culture
   spotlight—and more human than ever (Robert Hickerson for TIME)
   A decade after Twilight mania, bloodsuckers are back in the pop-culture
   spotlight—and more human than ever
   Robert Hickerson for TIME
   By Judy Berman
   October 11, 2022 10:56 AM EDT

   Reginald Andres is not like other vampires. Sure, he has a pair of
   retractable fangs, subsists on blood, and sizzles in the sun. Yet the
   hero of Syfy horror comedy Reginald the Vampire, played by Jacob
   Batalon, is also timid and geeky and self-conscious about his round
   belly. It doesn’t help that the vampire community is more superficial
   than a nest of high school mean girls.

   Listen, not every bloodsucker is a supermodel—just ask cinema’s
   ur-vampire Nosferatu. But if the past century of film and TV are any
   indication, then they’ve yet to receive the body-positivity memo.
   Adapted from Johnny B. Truant’s comic Fat Vampire, the silly but sweet
   Reginald plays with the trope of the svelte, impossibly attractive
   vampire. Instead of sinking his teeth into swooning humans, Reginald
   nurses a crush on a co-worker. Instead of lying around some mansion
   decorated in velvet and brocade, he slings slushies at a fast-food
   joint.

   Roughly a decade after the last, Twilight-driven wave of vampire media
   subsided, Dracula’s children are once again becoming pop culture’s
   monster of choice. And this time, they’re more than just objects of
   inchoate lust. While the fang-enhanced characters that populate new
   movies like Morbius, books like Claire Kohda’s Woman, Eating, and a
   particular glut of TV shows, from What We Do in the Shadows to Anne
   Rice’s Interview with the Vampire, are not all nebbishes like Reginald,
   they do seem more human than ever. Neither dastardly nor debonair,
   these undead creatures hang out with roommates, squabble with parents,
   suffer from chronic illnesses, and even experience discrimination based
   on differences they can’t control. Vampires—they’re just like us!
   (Except, of course, that we’re still their prey.)
   Jacob Batalon in Reginald the Vampiregt (James Dittiger—Syfy)
   Jacob Batalon in Reginald the Vampire
   James Dittiger—Syfy

   Vampires have always stood in for outsiders deemed exotic and
   dangerous, hiding in plain sight. Emerging into a fearful, fragmented
   society, however, at a time when binaries like insider-outsider,
   oppressor-oppressed, and us-them have never felt more subjective, these
   new vampire narratives blur the line separating mortal souls from
   allegedly soulless immortals. Not only is monstrousness in the eye of
   the beholder, but those of us who have reflections might be just as
   likely to find it in the mirror as we are to catch it tapping on our
   window.

   It’s no coincidence that the quintessential vampire story, Bram
   Stoker’s 1897 novel Dracula, begins with an Englishman’s journey east
   to Transylvania in order to help a local nobleman, one Count Dracula,
   relocate to the UK. Embedded in their dynamic is the terror of
   concealed difference that is the psychological hallmark of vampire
   lore—in this case, the idea that a wealthy, influential foreigner might
   look like “one of us” but mean “us” harm.

   The fact that vampire lore dates back to antiquity, when it surfaced in
   several discrete, Eastern and Western cultures—and, as recently a few
   centuries ago, fueled outbreaks of mass hysteria on both sides of the
   Atlantic—underscores how entrenched most civilizations’ fear of the
   other has always been. In the 20th century West, where “one of us”
   meant white, straight, and Christian, vampires could stand in for
   light-skinned immigrants, Jews, queer people, political dissidents, and
   any other supposed outsider who could conceivably blend into a crowd.
   Jacob Anderson, left, and Sam Reid in 'Interview with the Vampire'
   (Alan Taylor—AMC)
   Jacob Anderson, left, and Sam Reid in 'Interview with the Vampire'
   Alan Taylor—AMC

   As countercultures exploded and progressive movements brought
   marginalized voices to the forefront, the allegories shifted. In the
   1960s and ’70s, vampires often represented the simultaneous thrills and
   perils of free love. Around the turn of the millennium, our
   culture-wide infatuation with the unknown yielded a flood of
   human-vampire romance franchises: Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Twilight,
   The Vampire Diaries, The Southern Vampire Mysteries book series and its
   HBO adaptation, True Blood. Before it devolved into a mess of heaving
   bosoms and mixed metaphors, True Blood drew parallels between vampires
   “mainstreaming,” or living openly alongside humans, thanks to the
   invention of synthetic blood, and queer people integrating into
   straight society—complete with radicals who’d rather get staked than
   conform.

   Yet even as mortal heroines embraced their bloodsucker paramours,
   storytellers held them at arm’s length. The protagonists they created
   were almost always human, and brooding vamps like Twilight’s Edward
   Cullen and Buffy’s Angel maintained an unknowable mystique.

   The new generation of vampires is anything but cryptic. Just as
   Reginald vents anxieties to his maker (Mandela Van Peebles), the Staten
   Island roommates in FX’s hilarious Shadows—a vanguard of the vampire
   comeback, after four seasons—eagerly unload petty grievances on a
   documentary crew. Netflix’s First Kill, which debuted in June and was
   quickly canceled, to the outrage of fans, is narrated in part by
   teenage Juliette (Sarah Catherine Hook), whose immortal family won’t
   stop pressuring her to complete a daunting rite of passage:
   slaughtering her first victim. This unique problem activates universal
   adolescent angst. “Even on good days, I still feel like I don’t fit
   in,” Juliette laments. “Like everyone has it all figured out—the
   clothes they wear, the bands they like, who they are, who they wanna
   be. And I’m the only one stuck pretending.”
   Sarah Catherine Hook in  First Kill (Netflix)
   Sarah Catherine Hook in First Kill
   Netflix

   These days, the typical coming-of-age vampire story is less a human’s
   fantasy of first love than it is a monster’s own bildungsroman.
   Peacock’s teen drama Vampire Academy, an adaptation of the Twilight-era
   YA books by Richelle Mead, takes place at a prep school for vampires,
   where students chafe against class divisions and struggle to live up to
   family legacies. Showtime’s disappointing Let the Right One In,
   premiering Oct. 7, twists the Swedish novel turned big-screen horror
   masterpiece into a gritty, New York crime drama. Among the only
   elements the show shares with the movie is a friendship between a
   vampire trapped in an eternally preadolescent body, Eleanor (Madison
   Taylor Baez), and her next-door neighbor, Isaiah (Ian Foreman), a
   gentle, bullied middle schooler. Eleanor’s predicament echoes that of
   Claudia in the new AMC drama Anne Rice’s Interview With the Vampire.
   Made immortal at 14, Claudia matures mentally but not physically—which
   sets her up for a long lifetime of choosing between loneliness and
   partners perversely attracted to her unnaturally childish appearance.

   Framed as a more honest follow-up to vampire Louis de Pointe du Lac’s
   (Jacob Anderson) confession to a naive young reporter in Rice’s novel
   and the 1994 film, this Interview casts Eric Bogosian as the same
   journalist half a century later. Rather than reverting to innuendo, the
   show makes plain—and explicit—the sexual relationship between Louis and
   his male maker, Lestat (Sam Reid). Because Louis is also Black, in
   1910s New Orleans, becoming immortal makes him a triply misunderstood
   outsider. He’s not the only queer vampire pouring their heart out, so
   to speak, to a human audience this year. When First Kill’s Juliette
   develops a crush on a classmate (Imani Lewis) she doesn’t know is a
   slayer, the attraction could turn fatal for either girl. The bookish
   first-person narrator of Isaac Fellman’s 2022 novel Dead Collections is
   Sol, a transgender man who works as an archivist. “I didn’t see myself
   as being in the closet about my illness, my vampirism,” he recalls,
   “but I’d only ever told my boss and HR.”
   Kayvan Novak, left, and Harvey Guillén in  What We Do in the
   Shadows
   Kayvan Novak, left, and Harvey Guillén in What We Do in the Shadows
   John P Johnson—FX

   Sol is one of many recent characters, from Right One’s Eleanor to
   Morbius’ eponymous Marvel antihero, whose thirst for blood is tied to a
   humanizing medical condition rather than an evil nature. More unusual
   is Sol’s resemblance to Fellman, who is also a trans man and an
   archivist; to at least some extent, Collections is a work of vampire
   autofiction. It makes sense that LGBTQ creators are reclaiming an
   archetype—monster—that has so often been deployed against them as a
   slur. As author Carmen Maria Machado notes in Shudder docuseries Queer
   for Fear, “If you’ve been on the other side of the pitchfork, you’re
   maybe a little sympathetic to the monster.”

   It also makes sense that outsider perspectives are supplanting those of
   the in-group, even within a niche as fantastical as vampire fiction, in
   a country where racial minorities will soon be the majority and the
   number of Americans who identify as queer or trans is steadily rising.
   The arts have trended towards diversity—or at least towards an expanded
   understanding that diverse representation might be desirable—since
   Buffy, which was celebrated in its time as a paragon of pop feminism,
   hired an all-white cast of vamps and slayers. Meanwhile, subversive
   movies like Raw and particularly Get Out have ushered in an age of
   socially progressive horror.

   But there’s more to the relatable-vampire phenomenon than a convergence
   of demographic and industry trends. On an emotional level, it resonates
   within a culture that turns disagreement into demonization. In the
   post-Trump era, the sweetest-looking Middle American mom might be an
   insurrectionist. Whether it’s a neighbor, a cab driver, or that cousin
   you had to unfriend on Facebook, any normal-seeming acquaintance is
   liable to start spewing venom that burns you to your core. It’s a bit
   like watching fangs suddenly descend from a friendly smile.
   Daniela Nieves, left, and Sisi Stringer in  Vampire Academy
   Haro—Peacock)
   Daniela Nieves, left, and Sisi Stringer in Vampire Academy
   Jose Haro—Peacock

   Of course, to the insurrectionists, the rest of us (or our nonexistent
   globalist puppet masters, I guess), even those who don’t fit into any
   traditional outsider category, are the monsters. Polarized reactions to
   the pandemic have furthered the horror metaphor; what’s scarier than an
   unmasked, unvaccinated visitor coughing SARS-CoV-2 all over a nursing
   home? As critic Jason Zinoman pointed out last year, before they became
   rakish lovers, vampires appeared in medieval folklore as “symbols of
   epidemics.” More terrifying, at least psychologically, is the way COVID
   forced every compassionate person to question whether we, too, might be
   asymptomatic monsters flying under the radar. We could take every
   precaution and still get infected—or even unwittingly pass the virus to
   someone who’d eventually die of it.

   Such mistrust of one’s own instincts and intentions is a hallmark of
   the new, introspective vampire. The narrator of Woman, Eating, Lydia,
   is a 23-year-old, Asian and white vampire who is living on her own for
   the first time and literally struggling to put food on her table. She
   doesn’t feed on humans because, as she puts it, “I want to be a good
   person”; before she moved out, her mother sourced contraband pigs’
   blood from a butcher. Mistreated at an internship where she could
   conceivably devour her supervisors and vanish into the night, Lydia
   sees herself not as a coherent being but as a body where human and
   demon uneasily cohabit.

   Bloodthirst aside, this is a pretty effective encapsulation of what it
   means to be a person with free will. Unless we behave so atrociously as
   to destroy any chance of redemption, each of us is the site of a war
   between good and evil that will rage on for as long as we live—and that
   might remain unresolved by any legacy we leave. I mean, how bloody
   relatable is that?
   More Must-Reads From TIME
     __________________________________________________________________

     * The 49 Most Anticipated Movies of 2023
     * What Happened to the Alternative Currencies That Came Before Crypto
     * This App Is the Newest Way to Treat Nightmares
     * The 10 Best Korean Dramas of 2022 to Watch on Netflix
     * Column: Ukrainian Youth May Save Democracy, But They Cannot Do It
       Alone
     * Modern Hanukkah Traditions Are A Reminder That Extremism Is Always
       Short-Lived
     * ‘It’s Rare To See Change Happen at This Pace.’ A Global Backlash Is
       Forcing Qatar to Treat Migrant Workers Better
     * Column: History Suggests This Winter Could Be Dangerous for
       Armenians

   Contact us at letters@time.com.
   You May Also Like
   Read Next
   [TMC_104_Unit_04141RC.jpg?quality&amp;#x3D;85&amp;amp;w&amp;#x3D;160&amp;amp;h&amp;#x3D;106
   &amp;amp;crop&amp;#x3D;1]
   Midnight Club Is Mike Flanagan’s First Miss
   Next Up: Editor's Pick
   [black-history-movies-01.jpg?quality&amp;#x3D;85&amp;amp;w&amp;#x3D;160&amp;amp;h&amp;#x3D;
   106&amp;amp;crop&amp;#x3D;1]
   How Black Filmmakers Are Reclaiming Their History Onscreen
   EDIT POST

   You have reached your limit of 4 free articles.
   [loading-circle.gif] Loading...
   Unlimited access to TIME.com
   Inside TIME delivered twice weekly
   Access to the TIME Digital Magazine
   Subscribe Now
   Already a print subscriber? Go here to link your subscription.
   Purchased TIMEPieces? Go here to connect your wallet.

   Already have a digital account? Sign In.
   [loading-circle.gif]
   Subscribe Now Or create a free account to access more articles Existing
   print subscriber? Click here.

     * Home
     * U.S.
     * Politics
     * World
     * Health
     * Personal Finance by NextAdvisor
     * Future of Work by Charter
     * Business
     * Tech

     * Entertainment
     * Ideas
     * Science
     * History
     * Newsfeed
     * Sports
     * Magazine
     * The TIME Vault
     * TIME For Kids
     * TIME Co2

     * TIME Edge
     * Video
     * Masthead
     * Newsletters
     * Subscribe
     * Subscriber Benefits
     * Give a Gift
     * Shop the TIME Store
     * Careers

     * Press Room
     * TIME Studios
     * U.S. &amp; Canada Customer Care
     * Global Help Center
     * Contact the Editors
     * Reprints and Permissions
     * Site Map
     * Media Kit

   © 2023 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes
   acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (Your California
   Privacy Rights) and Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
   TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services
   on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. | EU
   Data Subject Requests
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-21">
<text>
   #alternate Edit this page Wikipedia (en)

Outsider art

   From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
   Jump to navigation Jump to search
   Art created outside the boundaries of official culture by those
   untrained in the arts
   "Art brut" redirects here. For the band, see Art Brut (band).
   Adolf Wölfli's Irren-Anstalt Band-Hain, 1910
   Anna Zemánková, No title, 1960s

   Outsider art is art made by self-taught or supposedly naïve artists
   with typically little or no contact with the conventions of the art
   worlds. In many cases, their work is discovered only after their
   deaths. Often, outsider art illustrates extreme mental states,
   unconventional ideas, or elaborate fantasy worlds.

   The term outsider art was coined in 1972 as the title of a book by art
   critic Roger Cardinal.^[1] It is an English equivalent for art brut
   (French: [aʁ bʁyt], "raw art" or "rough art"), a label created in the
   1940s by French artist Jean Dubuffet to describe art created outside
   the boundaries of official culture. Dubuffet focused particularly on
   art by those on the outside of the established art scene, using as
   examples psychiatric hospital patients, hermits, and
   spiritualists.^[2]^[3]

   Outsider art has emerged as a successful art marketing category; an
   annual Outsider Art Fair^[4] has taken place in New York since 1993,
   and there are at least two regularly published journals dedicated to
   the subject. The term is sometimes misapplied as a catch-all marketing
   label for art created by people who are outside the mainstream "art
   world" or "art gallery system", regardless of their circumstances or
   the content of their work.^[5] A more specific term, "outsider music",
   was later adapted for musicians.
   [ ]

Contents

     * 1 Art of the mentally ill
     * 2 Jean Dubuffet and art brut
     * 3 Cultural context
     * 4 Terminology
     * 5 Notable outsider artists
     * 6 See also
     * 7 References
     * 8 Further reading
     * 9 External links

Art of the mentally ill[edit]

   See also: Creativity and mental illness

   Interest in the art of the mentally ill, along with that of children
   and the makers of "peasant art", was first demonstrated by "Der Blaue
   Reiter" group: Wassily Kandinsky, August Macke, Franz Marc, Alexej von
   Jawlensky, and others. What the artists perceived in the work of these
   groups was an expressive power born of their perceived lack of
   sophistication. Examples of this were reproduced in 1912 in the first
   and only issue of their publication, Der Blaue Reiter Almanac. During
   World War I, Macke was killed at Champagne in 1914 and Marc was killed
   at Verdun in 1916; the gap left by these deaths was to some extent
   filled by Paul Klee, who continued to draw inspiration from these
   'primitives'.

   Interest in the art of insane asylum inmates continued to grow in the
   1920s. In 1921, Dr. Walter Morgenthaler published his book Ein
   Geisteskranker als Künstler (A Psychiatric Patient as Artist) about
   Adolf Wölfli, a psychotic mental patient in his care. Wölfli had
   spontaneously taken up drawing, and this activity seemed to calm him.
   His most outstanding work was an illustrated epic of 45 volumes in
   which he narrated his own imaginary life story. With 25,000 pages,
   1,600 illustrations, and 1,500 collages, it is a monumental work.
   Wölfli also produced a large number of smaller works, some of which
   were sold or given as gifts. His work is on display at the Adolf Wölfli
   Foundation in the Museum of Fine Art, Bern.

   A defining moment was the publication of Bildnerei der Geisteskranken
   (Artistry of the Mentally Ill) in 1922, by Hans Prinzhorn. This was the
   first formal study of psychiatric works, based upon a compilation of
   thousands of examples from European institutions. The book and the art
   collection gained much attention from avant-garde artists of the time,
   including Paul Klee, Max Ernst, and Jean Dubuffet.^[6]

   People with some formal artistic training as well as well-established
   artists are not immune from mental illness, and may also be
   institutionalized. For example, William Kurelek, later awarded the
   Order of Canada for his artistic life work, as a young man was admitted
   to the Maudsley Psychiatric Hospital where he was treated for
   schizophrenia.^[7] In the hospital he painted, producing The Maze, a
   dark depiction of his tortured youth.^[8] He was transferred from the
   Maudsley to Netherne Hospital from November 1953 to January 1955, to
   work with Edward Adamson (1911–1996), a pioneer of art therapy, and
   creator of the Adamson Collection.

Jean Dubuffet and art brut[edit]

   View inside the Collection de l'art brut museum, Lausanne

   French artist Jean Dubuffet was particularly struck by Bildnerei der
   Geisteskranken and began his own collection of such art, which he
   called art brut or raw art. In 1948 he formed the Compagnie de l'Art
   Brut along with other artists, including André Breton and Claude
   Lévi-Strauss.^[9] The collection he established became known as the
   Collection de l'art brut and the curator was Slavko Kopač for almost
   three decades.^[10] It contains thousands of works and is now
   permanently housed in Lausanne, Switzerland.

   Dubuffet characterized art brut as:

     Those works created from solitude and from pure and authentic
     creative impulses – where the worries of competition, acclaim and
     social promotion do not interfere – are, because of these very
     facts, more precious than the productions of professionals. After a
     certain familiarity with these flourishings of an exalted
     feverishness, lived so fully and so intensely by their authors, we
     cannot avoid the feeling that in relation to these works, cultural
     art in its entirety appears to be the game of a futile society, a
     fallacious parade.

          — Jean Dubuffet, "Place à l'incivisme" (December 1987 – February
          1988).^[11] Dubuffet's writing on art brut was the subject of a
          noted program at the Art Club of Chicago in the early 1950s.

   Dubuffet argued that 'culture', that is mainstream culture, managed to
   assimilate every new development in art, and by doing so took away
   whatever power it might have had. The result was to asphyxiate genuine
   expression. Art brut was his solution to this problem – only art brut
   was immune to the influences of culture, immune to being absorbed and
   assimilated, because the artists themselves were not willing or able to
   be assimilated.

   Dubuffet’s championing of Art Brut would not last long. Scholars argue
   Dubuffet’s distaste for the mainstream art world helped ensure that art
   brut and the Compagnie de l'Art Brut would not survive on a commercial
   basis. Dubuffet would kill art brut as he defined it in his quest for
   its authenticity.^[9] Three years after the Compagnie de l'Art Brut was
   formed, Dubuffet dissolved it, caving to form the more conventional
   Collection de l'art brut afterward.^[9]

Cultural context[edit]

   The interest in "outsider" practices among twentieth-century artists
   and critics can be seen as part of a larger emphasis on the rejection
   of established values within the modernist art milieu. The early part
   of the 20th century gave rise to Cubism and the Dada, Constructivist
   and Futurist movements in art, all of which involved a dramatic
   movement away from cultural forms of the past. Dadaist Marcel Duchamp,
   for example, abandoned "painterly" technique to allow chance operations
   a role in determining the form of his works, or simply to
   recontextualize existing "ready-made" objects as art. Mid-century
   artists, including Pablo Picasso, looked outside the traditions of high
   culture for inspiration, drawing from the artifacts of "primitive"
   societies, the unschooled art made by children, and vulgar advertising
   graphics. Dubuffet's championing of the art brut – of the insane and
   others at the margins of society – is yet another example of
   avant-garde art challenging established cultural values. As with
   analysis of these other art movements, current discourse indicates art
   brut is innately tied to primitivism^[9]^[12] due to its similarity in
   its borrowing of personal "de-patriation" and exoticization of familiar
   yet alien forms.

Terminology[edit]

   This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this
   section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may
   be challenged and removed. (May 2013) (Learn how and when to remove
   this template message)
   Two images of Joe Minter's African Village in America, a half-acre
   visionary art environment in Birmingham, Alabama. Scenes include
   African warriors watching their descendants’ struggles in Alabama,
   tributes to black scientists and military leaders, recreations of the
   epic civil rights confrontations in Alabama, and biblical scenes.

   A number of terms are used to describe art that is loosely understood
   as "outside" of official culture. Definitions of these terms vary and
   overlap.^[13] The editors of Raw Vision, a leading journal in the
   field, suggest that "Whatever views we have about the value of
   controversy itself, it is important to sustain creative discussion by
   way of an agreed vocabulary". Consequently, they lament the use of
   "outsider artist" to refer to almost any untrained artist. "It is not
   enough to be untrained, clumsy or naïve. Outsider Art is virtually
   synonymous with Art Brut in both spirit and meaning, to that rarity of
   art produced by those who do not know its name."
     * Art Brut: Coined by Jean Dubuffet, the term translated literally
       from French means "raw art".^[2]^[3] 'Raw' is analogous in that it
       has not been through the academic 'cooking' process: i.e. the world
       of art schools, galleries, and museums. Dubuffet’s original
       definition pertains strictly to the ‘raw art’ created by the
       autodidactic and shunned fringes of society.^[9]
     * Folk art: Folk art originally suggested crafts and decorative
       skills associated with peasant communities in Europe – though
       presumably it could equally apply to any indigenous culture. It has
       broadened to include any product of practical craftsmanship and
       decorative skill – everything from chain-saw animals to hub-cap
       buildings. A key distinction between folk and outsider art is that
       folk art typically embodies traditional forms and social values,
       where outsider art stands in some marginal relationship to
       society's mainstream.
     * Intuitive art/Visionary art: Raw Vision Magazine's preferred
       general terms for outsider art. It describes them as deliberate
       umbrella terms. However, visionary art, unlike other definitions
       here can often refer to the subject matter of the works, which
       includes images of a spiritual or religious nature. Intuitive art
       is probably the most general term available. Intuit: The Center for
       Intuitive and Outsider Art based in Chicago operates a museum
       dedicated to the study and exhibition of intuitive and outsider
       art. The American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland is
       dedicated to the collection and display of visionary art.
     * Marginal art/Art singulier: Essentially the same as Neuve
       Invention; refers to artists on the margins of the art world.
     * Naïve art: Another term commonly applied to untrained artists who
       aspire to "normal" artistic status, i.e. they have a much more
       conscious interaction with the mainstream art world than do
       outsider artists.
     * Neuve invention: Used to describe artists who, although marginal,
       have some interaction with mainstream culture. They may be doing
       art part-time for instance. The expression was coined by Dubuffet
       too; strictly speaking, it refers only to a special part of the
       Collection de l'art brut.
     * Visionary environments: Buildings and sculpture parks built by
       visionary artists – ranging from decorated houses to large areas
       incorporating a large number of individual sculptures with a
       tightly associated theme. Examples include Watts Towers by Simon
       Rodia, Buddha Park and Sala Keoku by Bunleua Sulilat, and The
       Palais Ideal by Ferdinand Cheval.

Notable outsider artists[edit]

   Main article: List of Outsider artists

See also[edit]

     * Philosophy portal
     * icon Society portal
     * Fashion portal
     * LGBT portal

     * Avant-garde – Works that are experimental or innovative
     * Asemic writing – Wordless open semantic form of writing
     * Automatic writing – In modern spiritualism: writing produced
       involuntarily
     * Category: Outsider artists
     * Collection de l'art brut – Outsider art museum in Lausanne,
       Switzerland
     * David Bowie's art collection – Private collection of artworks
          + Outside (David Bowie album) – 1995 studio album by David Bowie
     * Exoticism – Trend in European art and design
     * Glam rock – Genre of rock music
     * Horror vacui – Latin phrase which means 'fear of empty space'
     * Kitsch – Art or other objects that appeal to popular rather than
       high art tastes
     * Lille Métropole Museum of Modern, Contemporary and Outsider Art –
       Art Museum in Villeneuve d'Ascq, France
     * Lowbrow (art movement) – Underground visual art movement
     * Neurodiversity – Non-pathological explanation of variations in
       mental functions
     * Orientalism – Imitation or depiction of Eastern culture
     * Outsider music – Music genre
     * Psychedelic art – Visual art inspired by psychedelic experiences
     * Racial fetishism
     * Romantic racism – Form of racism where the oppressor projects their
       fantasies onto the oppressed
     * Saving and Preserving Arts and Cultural Environments – Non-profit
       public benefit organization with an international focus
     * Schizoid personality disorder – Mental condition involving
       asociality and diminished emotions
     * Surrealism – International cultural movement active from the 1920s
       to the 1950s
     * Syncretism – Assimilation of two or more originally discrete
       religious traditions
     * Vernacular architecture – Architecture based on local needs,
       materials, traditions
     * World music – Umbrella term for traditional or indigenous music not
       originating in Europe or North America
     * Xenocentrism – Preference for the cultural practices of societies
       other than one's own

References[edit]

    1. ^ Conley, Katharine (2006). "Surrealism and Outsider Art: From the
       ‘Automatic Message’ to André Breton’s Collection". Yale French
       Studies, no. 109 (2006): 129–43.
    2. ^ ^a ^b Cardinal, Roger (1972). Outsider Art. New York: Praeger.
       pp. 24–30.
    3. ^ ^a ^b Bibliography The 20th Century Art Book. New York, NY:
       Phaidon Press, 1996.
    4. ^ "Outsider Art Fair". Outsider Art Fair. Retrieved 19 July 2014.
    5. ^ "What the Dickens is Outsider Art?" The Pantograph Punch,
       December 2016, retrieved 2017-01-16
    6. ^ "Outsider Art Sourcebook" (Raw Vision, Watford, 2009, p.4)
    7. ^ Cornell case study: Early Onset Schizophrenia – William Kurelek
    8. ^ British Journal of Psychiatry (2001)
    9. ^ ^a ^b ^c ^d ^e Sherman, Daniel J. (2011). French Primitivism and
       the Ends of Empire, 1945-1975. University of Chicago Press. pp. 12,
       14, 111, 114. ISBN 9780226752693.
   10. ^ Fabrice Flahutez, Pauline Goutain et Roberta Trapani, Slavko
       Kopač. Ombres et matières, Shadows and Materials, Paris :
       Gallimard, Hors série Connaissance, 2022 352 p. (ISBN
       978-2-07-295610-2)
   11. ^ Jean Dubuffet (December 1987 – February 1988). "Place à
       l'incivisme" ["Make Way for Incivism"]. Art and Text no. 27. p. 36.
   12. ^ Koenig, Raphael (2018), "Art Beyond the Norms: Art of the Insane,
       Art Brut, and the Avant-Garde from Prinzhorn to Dubuffet" (PDF),
       Doctoral dissertation, Harvard University, Graduate School of Arts
       &amp; Sciences., p. 99, retrieved 2022-12-08
   13. ^ Brut Force. "The Many Terms in Our Continuum". Brut Force.
       Retrieved 8 February 2017.

Further reading[edit]

     * Bandyopadhyay, S. and I. Jackson, The Collection, the Ruin and the
       Theatre: architecture, sculpture and landscape in Nek Chand's Rock
       Garden, Chandigarh Liverpool, Liverpool University Press, 2007.
     * Greg Bottoms, I Colori dell'Apocalisse – Viaggi nell'outsider art,
       Odoya, Bologna 2009

   ISBN 978-88-6288-026-8

     Greg Bottoms, The Colorful Apocalypse: Journeys in Outsider Art,
   Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2007 ISBN 978-0-226-06685-1

     Roger Cardinal, Art Brut. In: Dictionary of Art, Vol. 2, London,
   1996, p. 515–516.

     Marc Decimo, Les Jardins de l'art brut, Les presses du réel, Dijon
   (France), 2007.

     Turhan Demirel, "Outsider Bilderwelten", Bettina Peters Verlag, 2006,
   ISBN 3-939691-44-5

     Jean Dubuffet: L’Art brut préféré aux arts culturels [1949](=engl in:
   Art brut. Madness and Marginalia, special issue of Art &amp; Text, No. 27,
   1987, p. 31–33).

     Hal Foster, Blinded Insight: On the Modernist Reception of the Art of
   The Mentally Ill. In: October, No. 97, Summer 2001, pp. 3–30.

     Michael D. Hall and Eugene W. Metcalf, eds., The Artist Outsider:
   Creativity and the Boundaries of Culture Washington D.C.: Smithsonian
   Institution Scholarly Press, 1993. ISBN 978-1560983354

     Deborah Klochko and John Turner, eds., Create and Be Recognized:
   Photography on the Edge, San Francisco: Chronicle Books, 2004.

     John M. MacGregor, The Discovery of the Art of the Insane. Princeton,
   Oxford, 1989.

     David Maclagan, Outsider Art: From the margins to the marketplace,
   London: Reaktion books, 2009.

     John Maizels, Raw Creation art and beyond, Phaidon Press Limited,
   London, 1996.

     John Maizels (ed.), Outsider Art Sourcebook. Raw Vision, Watford,
   2009. ISBN 978-0-9543393-2-6

     Lucienne Peiry, Art brut: The Origins of Outsider Art, Paris:
   Flammarion, 2001.

     Lucienne Peiry (ed.), "Collection de l'Art Brut, Lausanne", Skira
   Flammarion, 2012.

     Lyle Rexer, How to Look at Outsider Art, New York:Abrams, 2005.

     Colin Rhodes, Outsider Art: Spontaneous Alternatives, London: Thames
   and Hudson, 2000.

     Rubin, Susan Goldman. (March 9, 2004). Art Against the Odds: From
   Slave Quilts to Prison Paintings. Publisher: Crown Books for Young
   Readers. ISBN 0-375-82406-5

     Michel Thévoz, Art brut, New York, 1975.

     Maurice Tuchman and Carol Eliel, eds. Parallel Visions. Modern
   Artists and Outsider Art. Exhb. cat. Los Angeles County Museum of Art,
   Los Angeles, 1992.

     Bianca Tosatti, Arte e psichiatria. Uno sguardo sottile, (in
   collaboration with Giorgio Bedoni), Mazzotta, Milano, 2000.

     Bianca Tosatti, Les Fascicules de l'Art brut', un saggio sull'artista
   Antonio dalla Valle,2007.

     Allen S. Weiss, Shattered Forms, Art Brut, Phantasms, Modernism,
   State University of New York, Albany, 1992.

     Self Taught Artists of the 20th Century: An American Anthology San
   Francisco: Chronicle Books, 1998

     Daniel Wojcik, Outsider Art: Visionary Worlds and Trauma. University
   Press of Mississippi, 2016.

External links[edit]

   Wikimedia Commons has media related to Outsider art.

     * Jeanine Taylor Folk Art – Purveyor of Outsider Art
     * Raw Vision Magazine – International art magazine devoted to
       outsider art
     * Gricha-rosov.com – Rich database and presentation of international
       outsider artists (in French language, but has extensive
       illustrations)
     * Outsider Artists in the Collection of Museum of Naive and Marginal
       Art (MNMA) Jagodina Serbia
     * Russian outsider art from the Bogemskaja-Turchin collection
     * Outsider Art news, wire, and announcements
     * Collection: "Folk, Self-Taught, Amateur, and Visionary Art" at the
       University of Michigan Museum of Art

     * v
     * t
     * e

   Folklore genres and types

   Narrative

     * Animal tale
     * Fable
     * Fairytale
     * Legend
     * Myth
     * Parable
     * Personal narrative
     * Urban legend

   Oral tradition

     * Folk etymology
          + False
     * Joke
     * Nursery rhyme
     * Proverb
     * Riddle
     * Saying
     * Word game

   Folk belief

     * Folk religion
          + Folk saint
     * Ghostlore
     * Legend tripping
     * Mythology
     * Old wives' tale
     * Ritual
     * Weather lore

   Folk arts

     * Folk art
     * Folk epic
     * Folk dance
     * Folk instrument
     * Folk music
     * Folk play
     * Folk wrestling
     * Foodways

   Society

     * Cunning folk
     * Fakelore
     * Folk devil
     * Folk healer
     * Folk hero

   See also

     * Folklore studies
     * Morphology (folkloristics)
     * Aarne–Thompson–Uther Index
     * Motif-Index of Folk-Literature
     * Storytelling
     * Tradition
     * Vernacular

     * v
     * t
     * e

   Western, Modern and Contemporary art movements

   List of art movements

   Ancient

     * Thracian
          + Dacian
     * Nuragic
     * Aegean
          + Cycladic
          + Minoan
          + Minyan ware
          + Mycenaean
     * Greek
          + Sub-Mycenaean
          + Protogeometric
          + Geometric
          + Orientalizing
          + Archaic
          + Black-figure
          + Red-figure
          + Severe style
          + Classical
          + Kerch style
          + Hellenistic
               o "Baroque"
               o Neo-Attic
     * Etruscan
     * Scythian
     * Iberian
     * Gaulish
     * Roman
          + Republican
          + Gallo-Roman
          + Julio-Claudian
          + Pompeian Styles
          + Trajanic
          + Hadrianic art [it]
          + Antonine art [it]
               o Roman art under Commodus [it]
          + Severan
          + Roman art under Gallienus [it]

   Medieval

     * Late antique
          + Early Christian
          + Art of Diocletian and the Tetrarchy [it]
          + Constantinian art [it]
          + Theodosian art [it]
     * Migration Period
          + Anglo-Saxon
          + Hunnic
          + Insular
          + Lombard
          + Visigothic
     * Donor portrait
     * Pictish
     * Mozarabic
          + Repoblación
     * Viking
     * Byzantine
          + Iconoclast
          + Macedonian
          + Italo-Byzantine
     * Frankish
          + Merovingian
          + Carolingian
          + Pre-Romanesque
     * Ottonian
     * Romanesque
          + Mosan
          + Spanish
     * Norman
          + Norman-Sicilian
     * Opus Anglicanum
     * Gothic
          + International Gothic
     * Lucchese School
     * Crusades
     * Novgorod School
     * Duecento
          + Sienese School
     * Mudéjar
     * Medieval cartography
          + Italian school
          + Majorcan school
          + Mappa mundi

   Renaissance

     * Italian Renaissance
          + Trecento
               o Proto-Renaissance
               o Florentine School
               o Pittura infamante
          + Quattrocento
               o Ferrarese School
               o Forlivese School
               o Venetian School
               o Di sotto in sù
          + Cinquecento
               o High Renaissance
               o Bolognese School
               o Mannerism
               o Counter-Maniera
     * Northern Renaissance
          + Early Netherlandish
               o World landscape
          + Ghent-Bruges school
          + Northern Mannerism
          + German Renaissance
               o Cologne School
               o Danube school
          + Dutch and Flemish Renaissance
               o Antwerp Mannerism
               o Romanism
               o Still life
     * English Renaissance
          + Tudor court
     * Cretan School
     * Vologda School [ru]
     * Turquerie
     * Fontainebleau School

   17th century

     * Baroque
          + Flemish Baroque
          + Caravaggisti
               o in Utrecht
               o Tenebrism
          + Quadratura
          + Louis XIII style
          + Lutheran Baroque
     * Godunov School [ru]
     * Stroganov School
     * Siberian School [ru]
     * Guild of Romanists
     * Dutch Golden Age
          + Delft School
     * Capriccio
     * Heptanese School
     * Classicism
          + Louis XIV style
          + Poussinists and Rubenists

   18th century

     * Rococo
          + Rocaille
          + Louis XV style
          + Frederician
          + Chinoiserie
          + Fête galante
     * Neoclassicism
          + Goût grec
          + Louis XVI style
          + Adam style
          + Directoire style
     * Picturesque

   19th century
   (1800-1862)

     * Romanticism
          + Fairy painting
          + Danish Golden Age
          + Troubadour style
          + Nazarene movement
          + Purismo
          + Ancients
          + Düsseldorf School
          + Pre-Raphaelites
          + Hudson River School
               o American luminism
     * Orientalism
     * Norwich school
     * Empire style
     * Historicism
          + Revivalism
     * Biedermeier
     * Realism
          + Barbizon school
          + Costumbrismo
          + Verismo
               o Macchiaioli
     * Academic art
          + Munich School
               o in Greece
          + Neo-Grec
     * Etching revival

   Modern
   (1863-1944)

   1863-1899
     * Japonisme
          + Anglo-Japanese style
     * Beuron School
     * Hague School
     * Peredvizhniki
     * National romanticism
          + Abramtsevo
     * Impressionism
          + American
               o Hoosier Group
               o Boston School
          + Amsterdam
          + Canadian
          + Heidelberg School
     * Aestheticism
     * Arts and Crafts
          + Art pottery
     * Tonalism
     * Decadent movement
     * Symbolism
          + Romania
     * Incoherents
     * Post-Impressionism
          + Neo-Impressionism
               o Luminism
          + Divisionism
          + Pointillism
          + Pont-Aven School
          + Cloisonnism
          + Synthetism
          + Les Nabis
     * Russian symbolism
     * American Barbizon school
          + California Tonalism

   1900-1914
     * Art Nouveau
     * Primitivism
     * California Impressionism
     * Secessionism
          + Munich Secession
          + Vienna Secession
          + Berlin Secession
          + Sonderbund
     * Pennsylvania Impressionism
     * Mir iskusstva
     * Ten American Painters
     * Fauvism
     * Expressionism
          + Die Brücke
          + Der Blaue Reiter
     * Noucentisme
     * Deutscher Werkbund
     * American Realism
          + Ashcan School
     * Cubism
          + Proto-Cubism
          + Orphism
     * A Nyolcak
     * Neue Künstlervereinigung München
     * Futurism
          + Cubo-Futurism
     * Art Deco
     * Metaphysical
     * Rayonism
     * Productivism
     * Synchromism
     * Vorticism

   1915–1944
     * Suprematism
     * Crystal Cubism
     * Constructivism
     * Dada
     * De Stijl
     * Purism
     * Return to order
          + Novecento Italiano
     * Figurative Constructivism
          + Stupid
          + Cologne Progressives
     * Arbeitsrat für Kunst
          + November Group
     * Australian tonalism
     * Dresden Secession
     * Social realism
     * Bauhaus
     * Kinetic art
     * Group of Seven
     * New Objectivity
     * Grosvenor School
     * Neues Sehen
     * Surrealism
     * Neo-Fauvism
     * Precisionism
     * Aeropittura
     * Asso
     * Scuola Romana
     * Cercle et Carré
     * Kapists
     * Regionalism
          + California Scene Painting
     * Heroic realism
          + Socialist realism
          + Nazi art
     * Streamline Moderne
     * Concrete art
          + Abstraction-Création
     * The Ten
     * Dimensionism
     * Boston Expressionism
     * Leningrad School

   Contemporary
   &amp; Postmodern
   (1945-present)

           1945–1959
     * International Typographic Style
     * Abstract expressionism
          + Washington Color School
     * Visionary art
          + Vienna School of Fantastic Realism
     * Spatialism
     * Color field
     * Lyrical abstraction
          + Tachisme
          + Arte Informale
          + COBRA
          + Nuagisme
     * Action painting
     * American Figurative Expressionism
          + in New York
     * New media art
     * New York School
     * Hard-edge painting
     * Bay Area Figurative Movement
     * Plasticien
     * Pop art
     * Situationist International
     * Soviet Nonconformist
          + Ukrainian underground
     * Lettrism
          + Letterist International
          + Ultra-Lettrist
     * Cybernetic art
     * Antipodeans

           1960–1969
     * ZERO
     * Happening
     * Neo-Dada
     * Op art
     * Nouveau réalisme
     * Nouvelle tendance
     * Capitalist realism
     * Art &amp; Language
     * Arte Povera
     * Conceptual art
     * Land art
     * Systems art
     * Video art
     * Minimalism
     * Fluxus
     * Generative art
     * Post-painterly abstraction
     * Intermedia
     * Psychedelic art
     * Nut art
     * Photorealism
     * Environmental art
     * Performance art
     * Process art
     * Institutional critique
     * Light and Space
     * Street art

           1970–1999
     * Post-conceptual art
     * Installation art
     * Artscene
     * Postminimalism
     * Endurance art
     * Sots Art
          + Moscow Conceptualists
     * Pattern and Decoration
     * Punk art
     * Neo-expressionism
          + Transavantgarde
     * Guerrilla art
     * Lowbrow art
     * Telematic art
     * Appropriation art
     * Neo-conceptual art
     * New European Painting
     * Memphis Group
     * Cyberdelic
     * Neue Slowenische Kunst
     * Scratch video
     * Retrofuturism
     * Young British Artists
     * Superfiction
     * New Leipzig School
     * Artist-run initiative
     * The Designers Republic
     * Grunge design

   2000–
   present
     * Altermodern
     * Art for art
     * Art game
     * Art intervention
     * Brandalism
     * Classical Realism
     * Crypto art
     * Cyborg art
     * Excessivism
     * Fictive art
     * Flat design
          + Corporate Memphis
     * Guerrilla Zoo
     * Human Digital Orchestra
     * Hypermodernism
     * Hyperrealism
     * Idea art
     * Internet art
          + Post-Internet
     * iPhone art
     * Kitsch movement
     * Lightpainting
     * Massurrealism
     * Modern European ink painting
     * Neo-futurism
     * Neomodern
     * Neosymbolism
     * Passionism
     * Post-YBAs
     * Relational art
     * Skeuomorphism
     * SoFlo Superflat
     * Software art
     * Sound art
     * Stuckism
     * Superstroke
     * Toyism
     * Unilalianism
     * Walking art

   Non-Western,
   but related to
   Western art

   Traditional/
   Pre-modern
     * Africa and the African diaspora
          + African-American
          + Ancient Egyptian
               o Nubian
          + Caribbean
               o Haitian
          + Coptic
               o Ethiopian
          + Liberian
          + Sierra Leonean
     * Asia
          + Ancient South Arabian
          + Filipino
               o Letras y figuras
          + Western influence in India
               o Company style
               o Indo-Greek
               o Mughal
          + Western influence in Japan
               o Akita ranga
               o Uki-e
               o Yōga
          + Islamic
               o Moorish
               o Influence on Western art
          + Manichaean
          + Mesopotamian
          + Persian
               o Achaemenid
               o Parthian
               o Qajar
               o Sasanian
          + Phoenician
     * Latin America
          + Casta painting
          + Indochristian art
               o Chilote School
               o Cusco School
               o Quito School

   Modern and
   contemporary
   (non-Western)
     * Africanfuturism
     * Afrofuturism
     * Amazonian pop art
     * Anthropophagy
     * Artivism
     * Black Arts Movement
     * The Caribbean Artists Movement
     * Chicano art movement
     * Contemporary African art
     * Contemporary Indigenous Australian art
          + Papunya Tula
     * Fighting Cock Society
     * Florida Highwaymen
     * Gendai Bijutsu Kondankai
     * Generación de la Ruptura
     * Gutai Art Association
     * Harlem Renaissance
     * Jikken Kōbō
     * Latin American
          + Costumbrismo
          + Constructivism
          + Surrealism
     * Metcalf Chateau
     * Mexican muralism
     * Mingei
     * Mono-ha
     * Nanyang Style
     * Neo-Dada Organizers
     * Nueva Presencia
     * Otra Figuración
     * Saint Soleil School
     * Saqqakhaneh movement
     * The Stars Art Group
     * Superflat
     * Taring Padi
     * Tropicália
     * Tunisian collaborative painting
     * Universal Constructivism
     * Verdadism
     * Yoru no Kai

   Related topics

     * History of art
     * Abstract art
          + Asemic writing
     * Animal painter
     * Anti-art
     * Avant-garde
     * Ballets Russes
     * Celtic art
     * Christian art
          + Art in the Protestant Reformation and Counter-Reformation
          + Catholic art
          + Icon
          + Lutheran art
     * Digital art
     * Fantastic art
     * Feminist art movement
          + in the US
     * Folk art
     * Genre painting
          + Hierarchy of genres
     * History painting
     * Illuminated manuscript
     * Illustration
     * Interactive art
     * Jewish art
     * Kitsch
     * Landscape painting
     * Modernism
          + Modern sculpture
          + Late modernism
     * Naïve art
     * Outsider art
     * Portrait
     * Prehistoric European art
     * Queer art
     * Realism
     * Shock art
     * Trompe-l'œil
     * Western painting

     * Category

   Authority control Edit this at Wikidata
   National libraries
     * Spain
     * France (data)
     * Israel
     * United States
     * Czech Republic

         Other
     * SUDOC (France)
          + 1

   Retrieved from
   "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Outsider_art&amp;oldid=11293771
   00"

   Categories:
     * Outsider art
     * Visual arts genres
     * Art Informel and Tachisme
     * 1970s neologisms

   Hidden categories:
     * Articles with short description
     * Short description matches Wikidata
     * Articles needing additional references from May 2013
     * All articles needing additional references
     * Pages using div col with small parameter
     * Commons category link is on Wikidata
     * Articles with BNE identifiers
     * Articles with BNF identifiers
     * Articles with J9U identifiers
     * Articles with LCCN identifiers
     * Articles with NKC identifiers
     * Articles with SUDOC identifiers

Navigation menu

Personal tools

     * Not logged in
     * Talk
     * Contributions
     * Create account
     * Log in

Namespaces

     * Article
     * Talk

   [ ] English

Views

     * Read
     * Edit
     * View history

   [ ] More

   ____________________ Search Go

Navigation

     * Main page
     * Contents
     * Current events
     * Random article
     * About Wikipedia
     * Contact us
     * Donate

Contribute

     * Help
     * Learn to edit
     * Community portal
     * Recent changes
     * Upload file

Tools

     * What links here
     * Related changes
     * Upload file
     * Special pages
     * Permanent link
     * Page information
     * Cite this page
     * Wikidata item

Print/export

     * Download as PDF
     * Printable version

In other projects

     * Wikimedia Commons

Languages

     * العربية
     * Asturianu
     * Azərbaycanca
     * Беларуская
     * Български
     * Brezhoneg
     * Català
     * Čeština
     * Deutsch
     * Ελληνικά
     * Español
     * Esperanto
     * Euskara
     * فارسی
     * Français
     * Galego
     * 한국어
     * Հայերեն
     * Italiano
     * עברית
     * Magyar
     * Nederlands
     * 日本語
     * Norsk bokmål
     * Picard
     * Piemontèis
     * Polski
     * Português
     * Русский
     * Simple English
     * Српски / srpski
     * Suomi
     * Svenska
     * தமிழ்
     * ไทย
     * Türkçe
     * Українська
     * 中文

   Edit links

     * This page was last edited on 25 December 2022, at 00:49 (UTC).
     * Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike
       License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you
       agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a
       registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a
       non-profit organization.

     * Privacy policy
     * About Wikipedia
     * Disclaimers
     * Contact Wikipedia
     * Mobile view
     * Developers
     * Statistics
     * Cookie statement

     * Wikimedia Foundation
     * Powered by MediaWiki
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-22">
<text>
   Skip to content

   Use code JAN20 for 20% off books and magazines

     * SHOP
       (BUTTON) SHOP
          + Magazines
          + Books
          + Subscriptions
          + Digital bundles
          + Donations
     * ABOUT
       (BUTTON) ABOUT
          + History of Raw Vision
          + Awards
          + FAQ
     * EXPLORE
       (BUTTON) EXPLORE
          + What is Outsider Art?
            (BUTTON) What is Outsider Art?
               o About Outsider Art
               o Recommended reading
               o Galleries &amp; collections
          + Articles
            (BUTTON) Articles
               o Current news
               o Magazine features
               o Obituaries
          + Films
     * EXHIBITIONS
     * CONTACT
     * SUBSCRIBE

   Log in
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   ____________________ Search (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   RAW VISION
     * SHOP
          + Magazines
          + Books
          + Subscriptions
          + Digital bundles
          + Donations
     * ABOUT
          + History of Raw Vision
          + Awards
          + FAQ
     * EXPLORE
          + What is Outsider Art?
               o About Outsider Art
               o Recommended reading
               o Galleries &amp; collections
          + Articles
               o Current news
               o Magazine features
               o Obituaries
          + Films
     * EXHIBITIONS
     * CONTACT
     * SUBSCRIBE

   ____________________ Search (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   Log in Cart

Item added to your cart

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Check out
   (BUTTON) Continue shopping

What is Outsider Art?

FREE Digital Issue:

   Raw Vision's
   100th Edition Magazine
   [RV100_480x480.png?v=1659553081]


   The controversy surrounding the exact definition of Outsider Art and
   allied fields has been going on ever since awareness of the phenomenon
   began so here we try to clarify the different aspects.

   The development of the awareness of forms of creative expression that
   exist outside accepted cultural norms, or the realm of “fine art”,
   began with the researches of psychiatrists early in the century.

   The work of Dr Morganthaler documented his patient Adolf Wolfli, a
   genius who produced countless thousands of works from a small cell in
   his Swiss asylum. Dr Hans Prinzhorn collected thousands of works by
   psychiatric patients and his book “Bildernerei der Geisteskranken”
   (Artistry of the Mentally Ill), published in 1922 became an influential
   work amongst Surrealist and other artists of the time.

   One artist who was particularly affected by the works Prinzhorn
   presented was Jean Dubuffet. Together with others, including Andre
   Breton, he formed the Compagnie de l’Art Brut in 1948 and strove to
   seek out and collect works of extreme individuality and inventiveness
   by creators who were not only untrained artists but often had little
   concept of an art gallery or even any other forms of art other than
   their own.

   Dubuffet’s concept of Art Brut was of works that were in their “raw”
   state, uncooked by cultural and artistic influences. He built up a vast
   collection of thousands of works, works which bore no relation to
   developments in contemporary art and yet were the innovative and
   powerful expressions of a wide range individuals from a variety of
   backgrounds.
     __________________________________________________________________

ART BRUT


   Artworks by Johann Hauser and Aloise Corbaz

   Art Brut was Jean Dubuffet's original term for the works that he
   collected and revered; later adopted by the Collection de l'Art Brut at
   Lausanne. Art Brut means "raw art". Raw because it is "uncooked" or
   "unadulterated" by culture. Raw because it is creation in its most
   direct and uninhibited form. Not only were the works unique and
   original but their creators were seen to exist outside established
   culture and society. The purest of Art Brut creators would not consider
   themselves artists, nor would they even feel that they were producing
   art at all. Art Brut is visual creation at its purest – a spontaneous
   psychic flow from brain to surface. (examples: Aloïse Corbaz, Carlo
   Zinelli, Madge Gill, Johann Hauser, Adolf Wölfli)
     __________________________________________________________________

OUTSIDER ART


   Artworks by Bill Traylor and Ferdinand Cheval

   The term "Outsider Art" was introduced as the title of Roger Cardinal's
   book in 1972 and was originally intended to act as an exact English
   equivalent to Dubuffet's term, although from the outset it encompassed
   not only Art Brut but also works in the Neuve Invention category Over
   the years it has been used increasingly loosely and can often now refer
   to any artist who is untrained or with disabilities or suffering social
   exclusion, whatever the nature of their work. (examples: Adolf Wölfli,
   Johann Hauser, Chomo, Bill Traylor, Frederich Schroder-Sonnenstern,
   Ferdinand Cheval, Simon Rodia)
     __________________________________________________________________

NEUVE INVENTION


   Artworks by Gaston Chaissac and Albert Louden

   Dubuffet realised that there existed many creators whose work was of
   comparable power and inventiveness to Art Brut, but their greater
   contact with normal society and the awareness they had of their art
   works precluded their inclusion within his strict Art Brut category.
   These creators were often humble workers who created in their spare
   time, or eccentric and untrained artists trying to make a living from
   their work – some of whom had dealings with commercial galleries. As an
   acknowledgement to them he formed his "Annex Collection"; in 1982 this
   became the Neuve Invention section of the Collection de l'Art Brut. As
   definitions become more merged this term is losing its significance.
   (examples: Gaston Chaissac, Mario Chichorro, Rosemarie Koczy, Gerard
   Lattier, Albert Louden, Frederich Schroder-Sonnenstern)
     __________________________________________________________________

MARGINAL ART, ART SINGULIER


   Artworks by Danielle Jacqui and Ody Saban

   Marginal art (art singulier) is a term more used in Europe relating to
   the works of artists, usually, but not exclusively, self-taught, that
   are close to Art Brut and Outsider artists, both in appearance and
   directness of expression. These are the artists "on the margins", that
   grey area of definition that lies between Outsider Art and normal
   mainstream art, very similar to Dubuffet's Neuve Invention category.
   Art Singulier encompasses French marginal artists. (examples: Chomo,
   Danielle Jacqui, Raymond Reynaud, Ody Saban)
     __________________________________________________________________

FOLK ART / CONTEMPORARY FOLK ART


   Artworks by William Edmondson and William L. Hawkins

   Folk art is a simple and direct term that has become much used in North
   America. Originally pertaining to the indigenous crafts and decorative
   skills of peasant communities in Europe, the term was later applied to
   the simply-made practical objects of colonial days – a combination of
   charm and practical craftsmanship. In contemporary terms, Folk Art can
   cover anything from chain-saw animals to hub-cap buildings as well as
   the work of artists that would easily fall into the realm of Outsider
   Art. (examples: Sam Doyle, William Hawkins, William Edmondson, Mose
   Tolliver)
     __________________________________________________________________

SELF-TAUGHT ART


   Artworks by Thornton Dial and Mr. Imagination

   Self-taught art is a popular term in the United States which avoids the
   stigmas that some feel are attached to the Outsider Art definition.
   Many American artists are already pushed to the outer limits of society
   as a result of prejudice and feel this term offers more dignity.
   (examples: Mr Imagination, Thornton Dial)
     __________________________________________________________________

VISIONARY ART, INTUITIVE ART


   Artworks by Joe Coleman and Norbert Kox

   Visionary art and intuitive art are fairly general terms; used together
   they can include much urban folk art of the third world, as well as
   works based on religious experiences and visions. They are avoid the
   specifics of Outsider Art or Folk Art and can also be used in
   conjunction with "Self-Taught". (examples: Norbert Kox, Joe Coleman,
   Myrtice West, William Thomas Thompson, Donald Pass).
     __________________________________________________________________

NAïVE ART


   Artworks by John Kane and Ivan Generalic

   Naïve art refers to untrained artists who depict largely realistic
   scenes, often in skilled detail, with people, animals, and other
   aspects of the observed world, sometimes combined with fantasy images.
   They often aspire to normal artistic status and may often be seen as
   quite sophisticated amateurs verging on professionalism. (examples:
   Grandma Moses, John Kane, Ivan Generalic, Douanier Rousseau).
     __________________________________________________________________

VISIONARY ENVIRONMENTS


   Artworks by Simon Rodia and Nek Chand

   Visionary environments are spaces, buildings and sculpture parks built
   by intuitive artists almost defy definition. They have become known by
   various terms, Visionary Environments and Contemporary Folk Art
   Environments being perhaps the most appropriate in current use.
   Although Outsider Art has been used to describe the environments, some
   feel the label to be insulting to these particular creators, many of
   whom are integrated members of their local communities. Another popular
   term, especially in the US, is Grassroots Art, which can also cover the
   more humble expressions and constructions of ordinary folk in both town
   and country. (examples: Simon Rodia's Watts Towers, SP Dinsmoor's
   Garden of Eden, Ferdinand Cheval's Palais Ideal, Nek Chand's Rock
   Garden)

     __________________________________________________________________


   Take a look at Raw Vision’s magazine subscriptions

     *

   Print subscription – start with #112

Print subscription – start with #112

Print subscription – start with #112

   Regular price From €55,00
   Regular price [DEL: :DEL] Sale price From €55,00
   Unit price /  per



   Digital subscription – start with #112

Digital subscription – start with #112

Digital subscription – start with #112

   Regular price From €27,00
   Regular price [DEL: :DEL] Sale price From €27,00
   Unit price /  per



   Gift subscription – start with #112

Gift subscription – start with #112

Gift subscription – start with #112

   Regular price From €55,00
   Regular price [DEL: :DEL] Sale price From €55,00
   Unit price /  per



   Institutional subscription – start with #112

Institutional subscription – start with #112

Institutional subscription – start with #112

   Regular price From €66,00
   Regular price [DEL: :DEL] Sale price From €66,00
   Unit price /  per

   View all

MORE INFO

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Media Kit
     * FAQ

POLICIES

     * Privacy Policy
     * Refund Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * CCPA

Subscribe to Raw Vision Weekly for a 10% discount:

   ____________________ Email (BUTTON)
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube

   © 2023, RAW VISION

     * Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
     * Opens in a new window.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-23">
<text>
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5WLX6NN

   Skip Nav

     * Books
     * Resources
     * Ideas
     * About

     * (BUTTON) Subjects
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON) Menu

   The Outsider

The Outsider

   Paul M. Sniderman
   (*) Paperback ISBN: 9780691094977 $39.95/£30.00 ( ) ebook ISBN:
   9780691223858 Available as EPUB or PDF $27.97/£21.00 [DEL: $39.95 :DEL]
   /[DEL: £30.00 :DEL]

   Shipping to: [Choose Country__________________]

   Choose ebook type: [EPUB]
   Add to Cart
   Add to Cart

About ebooks and Audio

          A PDF ebook must be read in our mobile app available for
          Android/iOS phones or tablets. A desktop computer app that
          allows PDF reading is currently under development. We will
          update our FAQ page when it becomes available.
          Learn more about ebooks and audio from Princeton University
          Press.

Support your local independent bookstore.

          + United States
          + Canada
          + United Kingdom
          + Europe

   Sociology

The Outsider: Prejudice and Politics in Italy

     * Paul M. Sniderman, Pierangelo Peri, Rui J.P. de Figueiredo Jr., and
       Thomas Piazza

Paperback

   Price:
          $39.95/£30.00

   ISBN:
          (BUTTON) 9780691094977

   Published:
          Aug 18, 2002

   Copyright:
          2000

   Pages:
          232

   Size:
          6 x 9.25 in.

   Illus:
          19 line illus., 29 tables

   (BUTTON) More

ebook

   Price:
          $39.95/£30.00

   ISBN:
          (BUTTON) 9780691094977

   Published:
          Aug 18, 2002

   Copyright:
          2000

   Pages:
          232

   Size:
          6 x 9.25 in.

   Illus:
          19 line illus., 29 tables

   (BUTTON) More
   Buy This
     *
     * Download Cover

   (BUTTON) Share
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Overview
     * Author(s)
     * Praise ^4

   One of the most wide-ranging studies of prejudice undertaken in a
   decade, The Outsider combines new research methods and rich analysis to
   upend many of our assumptions about prejudice. Noting that hostility
   toward immigrants has been on the rise throughout Western Europe, Paul
   Sniderman and his team conduct the first study of prejudice in Italy
   and offer insights applicable to nearly all countries worldwide. The
   study of prejudice, they argue, has been both stimulated and limited by
   tensions among partial theories. Prejudice and group conflict are said
   to be rooted in the psychological makeup of individuals, or
   alternatively, to spring from real competition over material goods or
   social status, or yet again, to follow in the wake of a quest for
   identity. It is the distinctive effort of The Outsider to develop a
   unified theory of prejudice integrating personality, realistic
   conflict, and social identity approaches.
   Drawing on computer-assisted interviewing, this book focuses on Italy
   partly because it has experienced two different waves of immigration,
   from Northern Africa and Eastern Europe, and thus allows one to
   consider to what extent the color of immigrants’ skin imposes a special
   burden of prejudice. Italy is also an apt site for the study of
   intolerance because of long-standing prejudices that have existed
   internally, between Northern and Southern Italians. The book’s findings
   show that any point of difference — color, nationality, or language —
   marks the immigrant as an outsider. The fact of difference, not the
   particular mode of difference, is crucial. Moreover, the general
   election of 1994 provided a rare opportunity to investigate the
   political impact of prejudice when the party system was itself in the
   process of transformation. The authors uncover a potential line of
   cleavage: rather than prejudice being concentrated on the political
   right, it has a wide following among the less educated of the political
   left.
   Analyzing the contributions of personality, social-structural factors,
   and political orientation to the wave of intolerance toward immigrants,
   The Outsider offers unprecedented insights into the phenomenon of
   prejudice and its link to politics.
   Paul M. Sniderman is Professor of Political Science at Stanford
   University. A Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, he
   is the author of the widely influential The Scar of Race, coauthored
   with Thomas Piazza, and Reaching Beyond Race, among other books.
   Pierangelo Peri is Titular Lecturer of Methodology and Technics of
   Social Research at the University of Trento. Rui J. P. de Figueiredo,
   Jr., is Assistant Professor of Business and Public Policy at the Haas
   School of Business and is Assistant Professor in the Department of
   Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley. Thomas
   Piazza is Senior Survey Statistician at the Survey Research Center at
   the University of California, Berkeley.

   "A timely, provocative analysis of the sources of political prejudice
   in contemporary Italy."—Choice

   "The timing of Sniderman and his colleagues is impeccable: Just as
   right-wing extremism, driven by xenophobia, reaches the top of the
   European agenda (and not only in Austria), they bring to fruition this
   important six-year study of prejudice toward immigrants in Italy.
   Students of both Europe and of tolerance will be especially interested
   in the argument that the Left is especially vulnerable to shocks that
   increase prejudice."—Robert D. Putnam

   "The Outsider makes a landmark contribution to our understanding of
   prejudice. Analysts of public opinion, electoral behavior, party
   competition, and ethnicity in the United States and Europe will find
   the book compelling and provocative. The authors integrate and
   reconcile rival theoretical approaches, and they present empirical
   findings of great import. They bring methodological advances pioneered
   in the study of racism in the United States to the study of prejudice
   in Europe. And their discussion of the broader implications of the
   research is magisterial. The book does more than trace the roots of
   hostility toward immigrants in Italy: it illuminates the bases of
   democratic political life. The Outsider is an extraordinarily
   satisfying work of social science."—Carol Mershon, University of
   Virginia

   "The Outsider is an extraordinary book that will be of interest to
   students of politics as well as race and ethnicity. It bears comparison
   to Robert Putnam's Making Democracy Work."—Mabel Berezin, University of
   California, Los Angeles

Related Books

     * Data Driven
       Data Driven Karen Levy
     * Data Analysis for Social Science
       Data Analysis for Social Science Elena Llaudet and Kosuke Imai
     * Close Up at a Distance
       Close Up at a Distance Laura Kurgan
     * The Economy of Promises
       The Economy of Promises Bruce G. Carruthers
     * Viral Justice
       Viral Justice Ruha Benjamin

Stay connected for the latest books, Ideas, and special offers.

Stay connected for the latest book news.

   Subscribe

   Top

United States

   41 William Street
   Princeton, New Jersey 08540
   United States
   Phone: +1 609 258 4900
   Directions

Europe

   99 Banbury Road
   Oxford OX2 6JX
   United Kingdom
   Phone: +44 1993 814500
   Directions

China

   Princeton Asia (Beijing) Consulting Co., Ltd.
   Unit 2702, NUO Centre
   2A Jiangtai Road, Chaoyang District
   Beijing 100016, P.R. China
   Phone: +86 10 8457 8802
   Directions

Browse

     * Books
     * Resources
     * Ideas
     * About
     * Authors

Contact

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Exam &amp; Desk Copies
     * Review Copies
     * Rights &amp; Permissions

Follow

     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * YouTube
     * Vimeo
     * WeChat

   © 2023 Princeton University Press.  All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy
   Site by AREA 17 Colophon

   Stay connected for new books and special offers. Subscribe to receive
   40% off your first order, plus a free ebook or audiobook.
   Subscribe
   (BUTTON) No Thanks (BUTTON)

   While our website never rests, our team is taking a winter renewal
   break until January 3. We send peace and wellbeing to all.

   Search for ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * (BUTTON) Books
          + All Books
          + Textbooks
          + Audiobooks
          + Collected Works
          + Collections
          + Series
          + Catalogs
          + Common Reading
          + Distributed Presses
     * Resources
     * (BUTTON) About
          + Overview
          + Offices
          + People
          + Authors
          + History
          + News
          + Awards
          + Events
          + Careers
          + Contact Us
     * Ideas
     * (BUTTON) Subjects

   (BUTTON) Back

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)

     * Print Cart
     * ebook &amp; Audiobook Cart

   (BUTTON)
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-24">
<text>
   BOOKS AUTHORS REQUESTS ABOUT
   BOOKS AUTHORS REQUESTS ABOUT
   ____________________
   STANFORD UNIVERSITY [header_logo.png] PRESS
   STANFORD UNIVERSITY [header_logo.png] PRESS
   [header_logo.png] STANFORD
   UNIVERSITY PRESS

      ____________________

   Cover of Academic Outsider by Victoria Reyes
   Academic Outsider
   Stories of Exclusion and Hope
   Victoria Reyes

   BUY THIS BOOK

   July 2022
   184 pages.
   $14.00

   Paperback ISBN: 9781503632998
   Ebook ISBN: 9781503633681

   Request Review/Desk/Examination Copy
   Google Book Preview
   Google Book Preview
   Google Book Preview

   CITATION

          DescriptionDesc.
          Reviews
          Excerpts and More

   General Interest
   Sociology / Race, Class, and Gender
   Sociology / Culture

   Honorable Mention for the 2022 Betty and Alfred McClung Lee Book Award,
   sponsored by the Association for Humanist Sociology.

   Many enter the academy with dreams of doing good; this is a book about
   how the institution fails them, especially if they are considered
   "outsiders."

   Tenure-track, published author, recipient of prestigious fellowships
   and awards—these credentials mark Victoria Reyes as somebody who has
   achieved the status of insider in the academy. Woman of color, family
   history of sexual violence, first generation, mother—these qualities
   place Reyes on the margins of the academy; a person who does not see
   herself reflected in its models of excellence.

   This contradiction allows Reyes to theorize the conditional citizenship
   of academic life—a liminal status occupied by a rapidly growing
   proportion of the academy, as the majority white, male, and affluent
   space simultaneously transforms and resists transformation. Reyes
   blends her own personal experiences with the tools of sociology to lay
   bare the ways in which the structures of the university and the people
   working within it continue to keep their traditionally marginalized
   members relegated to symbolic status, somewhere outside the center.

   Reyes confronts the impossibility of success in the midst of competing
   and contradictory needs—from navigating coded language, to balancing
   professional expectations with care-taking responsibilities, to
   combating the literal exclusions of outmoded and hierarchical rules.
   Her searing commentary takes on, with sensitivity and fury, the urgent
   call for academic justice.

   About the author

   Victoria Reyes is Assistant Professor in the Department of Gender &amp;
   Sexuality Studies at University of California, Riverside. She is the
   author of multi-award-winning book Global Borderlands (Stanford, 2019),
   which was named a 2020 CHOICE Outstanding Academic Title.

   "This courageous and visionary work boldly reclaims space for women of
   color and others who have been excluded and devalued by academia. It
   invites us to reimagine and remake the academy with practices of love,
   care, and justice."

   —Crystal Marie Fleming, author of Rise Up!

   "Blending sociological analysis, feminist of color critique, and
   memoir, Reyes offers a blueprint for transforming the academy. Academic
   Outsider is the book I never knew I needed until I read it."

   —Anthony Christian Ocampo, author of Brown and Gay in LA

   "This book will be painfully familiar to many in the academy. It
   reveals how little progress has been made in the age of
   multiculturalism and diversity. A must-read for junior and senior
   faculty alike!"

   —Mary Romero, author of The Maid's Daughter

   "This book brings a level of authenticity to academia, and sociology in
   particular, that is a breath of fresh air. It works as an important
   intervention within how we see academia and who we see as exemplar
   academics. I praise the author for their vulnerability and their
   conviction—we need to better humanize scholarship and this book does
   just that."

   —Whitney Pirtle, co-editor of Black Feminist Sociology

   "A challenging and critical collection, Academic Outsider offers a
   timely analysis that interrogates the foundation of the "academic
   citizenship" that leaves many of us questioning our value rather than
   the logics of belonging embedded in the whiteness and wealth of
   academia. By weaving together personal and professional stories and
   sociological analysis, these incisive essays will surely spark
   conversation and serve as a balm for the many outsiders navigating
   their own pathway."

   —Zakiya Luna, author of Reproductive Rights as Human Rights

   "An urgent, candid, and path-breaking book. Academic Outsider uncovers
   the hidden curricula of academic gate-keeping practices and
   demonstrates how they are upheld by racial capitalism and racialized
   gender inequities. Without falling into a romanticized view of the
   margins, Reyes exposes the raw gritty effects of such practices on
   working-class women of color in the academy. She deftly unmasks the
   material conditions that make these women's lives impossible, begging
   the question: who belongs in academia and who does not? With careful
   attention to how the personal is always political, Reyes
   unapologetically deploys women of color feminisms to expose the
   normalized structures of gendered, classed, and racialized violences
   cloaked by disciplinary metrics of success. This page-turner of a book
   will resonate with those who are marginalized by the academy and those
   who are complicit with its operations. This book embodies
   intersectional public scholarship at its finest."

   —Ghassan Moussawi, author of Disruptions Situations

   "Not everyone is an equal citizen in the country of academia. Writing
   from within the borderlands of higher education in Academic Outsider,
   sociologist and professor Victoria Reyes describes with courage,
   insight, and heart about what the Ivory Tower's shadow hides. This book
   is must-read for anyone who truly cares about equality and
   inclusiveness in the academy."

   —Grace Talusan, author of The Body Papers

   "Academic Outsider is the kind of book that sticks with you. The kind
   of book that forces you to notice inequities and that would give you
   side-eye if you saw those inequities and tried to look away. The essays
   in Academic Outsider are poignant and sometimes painful to read. Yet,
   they are also poignant and painful in a way that leaves room for hope.
   The book inspires readers to recognize and embrace opportunities to
   resist the oppressive structures within academia and the oppressive
   structures that academia helps to perpetuate."

   —Jessica Calarco, author of A Field Guide to Grad School and
   Negotiating Opportunities

   [toc_icon.png] Contents
   [html_page_icon.png] On Love and Worth Excerpt
   Op-Ed: I am the product of rape. Here’s why I support abortion rights
   Los Angeles Times
   New Books in Anthropology: Victoria Reyes, Academic Outsider
   New Books Network
   Interview: Academic Outsider
   Inside Higher Ed
   __________________________________________________________________

   More in General Interest
     *
          + [pid_35985.jpg]
            Daughter of History
            Susan Rubin Suleiman
          + [pid_35080.jpg]
            In the Nation’s Service
            Philip Taubman
          + [pid_35050.jpg]
            The Transition
            Daniel Kiel
          + [pid_35594.jpg]
            The Culture Transplant
            Garett Jones
     *
          + [pid_34988.jpg]
            Reader's Block
            Matthew Rubery
          + [pid_33546.jpg]
            Why?
            Philippe Huneman
          + [pid_22314.jpg]
            Race in the Machine
            Quincy Thomas Stewart
          + [pid_35024.jpg]
            Undesirables
            Aomar Boum, Illustrated by Nadjib Berber
     *
          + [pid_33205.jpg]
            Data Cartels
            Sarah Lamdan
          + [pid_34279.jpg]
            Who Needs Gay Bars?
            Greggor Mattson
          + [pid_34425.jpg]
            India Is Broken
            Ashoka Mody
          + [pid_35250.jpg]
            Reading John Milton
            Stephen B. Dobranski

New and Noteworthy

     * [pid_34617.jpg]
       The Happiness of the British Working Class
       Jamie L. Bronstein
     * [pid_32230.jpg]
       Shaping the Bar
       Joan W. Howarth
     * [pid_35080.jpg]
       In the Nation’s Service
       Philip Taubman
     * [pid_7808.jpg]
       The Joyful Science / Idylls from Messina / Unpublished Fragments
       from the Period of The Joyful Science (Spring 1881–Summer 1882)
       Friedrich Nietzsche Translated, with an Afterword, by Adrian Del
       Caro
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2023 Stanford University Press
   [instagram_solid.png] [blog_icon.jpg]

   Contact     Help

   © 2023 Stanford University Press
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-25">
<text>
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQPJ9H

   Skip navigation
   Tate Logo
   Shop
   Search this site ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   Become a Member

Main menu

     * Art and artists
          +

              Our collection
                      Artists
                      Artworks
                      Art by theme

              Explore
                      Videos
                      Podcasts
                      Short articles

              In depth
                      Art Terms
                      Tate Research
                      Student resources

              Make art
                      Create like an artist
                      Kids art activites
                      Tate Paint game

     * What's on
     * Plan your visit

Main menu additional

     * Become a Member
     * Shop

   Expand
     * Art and Artists
     * Art Terms
     * O
     * Outsider art

   Art Term

Outsider art

   Outsider art is used to describe art that has a naïve quality, often
   produced by people who have not trained as artists or worked within the
   conventional structures of art production
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Email
     * Pinterest

   Jean Dubuffet
   Monsieur Plume with Creases in his Trousers (Portrait of Henri Michaux)
   (1947)
   Tate

   © ADAGP, Paris and DACS, London 2022

   The art of children, psychiatric patients and prisoners who create art
   outwith the conventional structures of art training and art production
   is often categorised as outsider art. In 1964 the French artist Jean
   Dubuffet started to collect artworks he considered to be free from
   societal constraints. This was termed art brut (raw art) – another term
   for outsider art – and in 1948 he founded the Compagnie de L’Art Brut
   with André Breton.

   The artist Ben Nicholson discovered the naïve painter Alfred Wallis in
   St Ives in the 1920s. A retired fisherman, Wallis painted pictures of
   ships and the town harbour on pieces of driftwood and cardboard.

   Does this text contain inaccurate information or language that you feel
   we should improve or change? We would like to hear from you.

Join in

     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * YouTube
     * Instagram
     * Pinterest

   Sign up to emails

Sign up to emails

   Email address ____________________

   Tate’s privacy policy
   (BUTTON) Submit

About

     * About us
     * Our collection
     * Terms and copyright
     * Governance
     * Picture library
     * ARTIST ROOMS
     * Tate Kids

Support

     * Tate Collective
     * Members
     * Patrons
     * Donate
     * Corporate
     * My account

     * Press
     * Jobs
     * Accessibility
     * Privacy
     * Cookies
     * Contact
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-26">
<text>
   Harvard Business Review Home
   Subscribe Cart Sign In
   ____________________ ____________________ (BUTTON) Search CLEAR
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * SUGGESTED TOPICS
     *
     *
     *

   Explore HBR
     * Diversity
     * Latest
     * The Magazine
     * Ascend
     * Most Popular
     * Podcasts
     * Video
     * Store
     * Webinars
     * Newsletters

   Popular Topics
     * Managing Yourself
     * Leadership
     * Strategy
     * Managing Teams
     * Gender
     * Innovation
     * Work-life Balance
     * All Topics

   For Subscribers
     * The Big Idea
     * Data &amp; Visuals
     * Reading Lists
     * Case Selections
     * HBR Learning
     * Subscribe

   My Account
     * My Library
     * Topic Feeds
     * Orders
     * Account Settings
     * Email Preferences
     * Log Out
     * Sign In

     *
     *
     *
     *

   Subscribe Diversity Latest Podcasts Video The Magazine Ascend Store
   Webinars Newsletters All Topics The Big Idea Data &amp; Visuals Reading
   Lists Case Selections HBR Learning My Library Account Settings Log Out
   Sign In

Your Cart

   Your Shopping Cart is empty.
   Visit Our Store
   Guest User
   Subscriber
   My Library Topic Feeds Orders Account Settings Email Preferences Log
   Out
   Reading List
   Reading Lists

   You have 1 free articles left this month.
   You are reading your last free article for this month.
   Subscribe for unlimited access.
   Create an account to read 2 more.

   [HBR_logo_black.svg]
   Innovation

How Outsiders Become Game Changers

   Research identifies four factors behind their success.
   by
     * Gino Cattani and
     * Simone Ferriani

   by
     * Gino Cattani and
     * Simone Ferriani

   August 05, 2021
   [aug21_05_HBRStaff.jpg]
   HBR Staff
     * Tweet
     * Post
     * Share
     *
     * Save
     * Get PDF
     * Buy Copies
     * Print

   Summary.

   Coco Chanel, Steve Jobs, and Katalin Karikó were outsiders who defied
   the odds and produced revolutionary innovations. How do such outsiders
   succeed when so many others fail? The authors’ research uncovered four
   factors: (1) The outsiders were not outliers; they belonged to the
   system but hadn’t lost touch with its fringes. (2) An outsider had at
   least one insider who was willing to vouch for his or her ideas or
   abilities. (3) Outsiders leveraged “fracture points” — such as the
   death of a major gatekeeper. (4) Instead of just viewing their
   innovation as a technical challenge, they see it as a marketing
   challenge.
     * Tweet
     * Post
     * Share
     *
     * Save
     * Get PDF
     * Buy Copies
     * Print

   Leer en español
   Ler em português

   Every once in a while, an outsider comes along with a new vision or a
   new way of doing things that revolutionizes a scientific field, an
   industry, or a culture. Take the case of Katalin Karikó, who defied all
   odds to pioneer the mRNA technology that ultimately gave the world
   Covid-19 vaccines in record time. Daughter of a butcher and raised in a
   small adobe house in the former Eastern bloc with no running water or
   refrigerator, Karikó started working with RNA as a student in Hungary
   but moved to the United States in her late twenties. For decades, she
   faced rejection after rejection, the scorn of colleagues, and even the
   threat of deportation. Yet today, Karikó’s foundational work on mRNA is
   at the heart of the vaccines developed by BioNTech/Pfizer and Moderna,
   and many researchers are now calling for Karikó to win the Nobel Prize.

   How did that happen? After 10 years of research, relying on a mix of
   qualitative techniques, large dataset analysis, and historical
   research, we have come up with four factors that explain the success of
   outsiders like Karikó. These factors do not have to be concomitant, and
   none is necessary, but each increases the odds substantially that an
   outsider will break through and their innovation will have a major
   impact.

1. Outsiders are not outliers.

   Our research suggests that successes like Karikó’s occur not just
   despite outsider status but because of it. Being less tied to the norms
   and standards to which insiders conform, outsiders recognize solutions
   that escape incumbents’ attention. Yet, the paradox is that the same
   social position that gives outsiders the perspective to pursue
   imaginative projects also constrains their ability to obtain support
   and recognition for their innovations. How do the innovations of
   outsiders like Karikó gain traction?

   The innovation pattern we observed in our research is very consistent.
   Outsiders typically innovate by acting on insights and experiences that
   are new to the context they enter but familiar to the context they come
   from. Consider Coco Chanel, the illegitimate daughter of a laundress
   and a street peddler. Abandoned and raised by nuns in an orphanage, she
   found in this humble context original inspiration for some of her most
   iconic design concepts. For example, her proverbial predilection for
   black and white is generally attributed to her prolonged exposure to
   the colors of the orphanage uniforms and the nuns’ tunics. Even the
   distinctive Chanel logo was an idea she gleaned from a simple
   stained-glass window of her orphanage, the Abbey of Aubazine.

   You would think that successful outsiders like Karikó and Chanel are
   statistical outliers, but we find this is not actually the case: In one
   of our studies, we analyzed the network of collaborations of
   approximately 12,000 Hollywood professionals to explore whether
   creative success is concentrated at the center of the system or at its
   margins. What we found surprised us: The most successful artists were
   not those at the extreme periphery of the network, the “renegades from
   the human race” — to borrow a label famously coined by Don Valentine,
   the pioneering venture capitalist who created Sequoia Capital, to
   describe Steve Jobs, when he first met him in the late 1970s. But
   neither were they “network kings” at the heart of their industry. The
   outsiders were not outliers: This study showed that the probability of
   creative success was highest in a border zone between the center and
   the periphery, by artists who belong to the system but have not lost
   touch with its fringes.

   Access to the center provides legitimacy while exposure to the fringe
   provides novelty. The combination of legitimacy and novelty produces
   impact. Statistically, the people most likely to succeed were those who
   kept one foot in Hollywood (where they could leverage resources,
   connections, and legitimacy) and the other foot on the edge (where they
   would encounter unfamiliar people, places, and habits).

2. Behind every Steve Jobs is a Mike Markkula, a champion on the inside.

   Thinking like an outsider can have advantages, but practicing the way
   of the outsider is complicated. Outsiders are strangers. They do not
   hold élite positions, and they have limited resources and lack the
   credentials of better-connected people whose theories or practices they
   are challenging. Not surprisingly, they often stay locked outside.

   Our research suggests that the outsider needs at least one insider who
   is willing to vouch for their ideas or abilities. In collaboration with
   Paul Allison, a sociology professor at the University of Pennsylvania
   Sociology, we went back to our Hollywood network and gathered new data
   on thousands of awards bestowed by two crucial audiences in this
   industry: critics and peers. Our statistical analyses revealed that
   critics were more likely to praise peripheral artists than insiders.
   Conversely, industry peers are more likely to favor their fellow
   insiders. From the outsider’s perspective, this means that one
   effective strategy to gain traction is to identify an audience — a
   person or a group of people — that has a cognitive or emotional
   affinity for the outsider or their ideas (as well as the credibility
   that the outsider usually lacks).

   Steve Jobs’s early career is a case in point. The VC industry
   repeatedly refused to support his project, but Jobs kept searching for
   a receptive audience. Finally, he met Mike Markkula, a wealthy young
   engineer who saw potential where the VC establishment saw only
   roadblocks. He made the first investment in Apple Computer. Why did
   Markkula support Jobs? Because his passion for technology and
   relatively young age gave him a stronger affinity with Jobs and his
   partner Steve Wozniak than most members of Silicon Valley’s investment
   community had. And with Markkula behind him, Jobs had the credibility
   he needed to attract more talent and money.

3. “Fracture points” let outsiders in.

   A third way outsiders break in is by leveraging what we call “fracture
   points” — events that generate intense stress on the system. One
   particular class of fracture points that we have been investigating
   reflects Max Planck’s famous quip that “an important scientific
   innovation rarely makes its way by gradually winning over and
   converting its opponents: It rarely happens that Saul becomes Paul.
   What does happen is that its opponents gradually die out.” The idea is
   simple: When the gatekeepers die, they create space for the entrance of
   the new.

   In music, for instance, such moments happen after the death of a major
   artist. Working with Simone Santoni of City University of London, we
   assembled one of the world’s largest databases of musicians, songs, and
   music awards, as well as sudden deaths of superstars such as Michael
   Jackson or Prince. Regardless of the genre, in the years in which the
   system suffered a fracture point, the probability that a peripheral
   artist won a Grammy award increased by almost 40% while the chance that
   a central artist got it went down by 24%. The winning artist’s work
   also tended to be atypical in style compared to that of a more ordinary
   year.

4. Disruption is a marketing challenge that can be overcome.

   After being rejected by every major journal, Karikó’s breakthrough
   research was finally published in 2005. For years, however, it still
   got little attention. “We talked to pharmaceutical companies and
   venture capitalists. No one cared,” her research partner, Drew
   Weissman, recalled.

   Most established organizations and industries tend to reproduce the
   power and privilege structure of incumbent groups, reducing outsiders’
   chances of making their ideas heard and proving their worth. But our
   research suggests that outsiders should not be daunted: The very traits
   that make outsiders so disadvantaged within established occupational
   structures and professional categories are often precisely those
   required for the pursuit of exceptional entrepreneurial achievements in
   art, science, and business.

   Often, extraordinary outsiders’ primary problem is not their ideas but
   selling those ideas, precisely because of their disruptive
   implications. As the late Clayton Christensen noted in his 1997 book
   The Innovator’s Dilemma, “disruptive technology should be framed as a
   marketing challenge, not a technological one.”
   New!
   [HBR-learning-icon.png]
   HBR Learning
   [topic_landing_page_1400.png]
   Innovation and Creativity Course
   Accelerate your career with Harvard ManageMentor®. HBR Learning’s
   online leadership training helps you hone your skills with courses like
   Innovation and Creativity. Earn badges to share on LinkedIn and your
   resume. Access more than 40 courses trusted by Fortune 500 companies.
   Unlock your team's curiosity and willingness to take smart risks.
   Start Course
   Learn More &amp; See All Courses
   Read more on Innovation or related topic Creativity
     * Gino Cattani is a professor of strategy and organization theory at
       New York University’s Leonard N. Stern School of Business.
     * Simone Ferriani is a professor of entrepreneurship and innovation
       at the University of Bologna and City, University of London. He is
       also a lifetime member of  the University of Cambridge’s Clare Hall
       College.

     * Tweet
     * Post
     * Share
     *
     * Save
     * Get PDF
     * Buy Copies
     * Print

   New!
   [HBR-learning-icon.png] HBR Learning
   Innovation and Creativity Course
   Accelerate your career with Harvard ManageMentor®. HBR Learning’s
   online leadership training helps you hone your skills with courses like
   Innovation and Creativity. Earn badges to share on LinkedIn and your
   resume. Access more than 40 courses trusted by Fortune 500 companies.
   Unlock your team's curiosity and willingness to take smart risks.
   Start Course
   Learn More &amp; See All Courses
   [topic_landing_page_1400.png]
   Read more on Innovation or related topic Creativity

Partner Center

   Diversity Latest Magazine Ascend Topics Podcasts Video Store The Big
   Idea Data &amp; Visuals Case Selections HBR Learning

   Harvard Business Review Home
   Subscribe

Explore HBR

     * The Latest
     * Most Popular
     * All Topics
     * Magazine Archive
     * The Big Idea
     * Reading Lists
     * Case Selections
     * Video
     * Podcasts
     * Webinars
     * Data &amp; Visuals
     * My Library
     * Newsletters
     * HBR Press
     * HBR Ascend

HBR Store

     * Article Reprints
     * Books
     * Cases
     * Collections
     * Magazine Issues
     * HBR Guide Series
     * HBR 20-Minute Managers
     * HBR Emotional Intelligence Series
     * HBR Must Reads
     * Tools

About HBR

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise with Us
     * Information for Booksellers/Retailers
     * Masthead
     * Global Editions
     * Media Inquiries
     * Guidelines for Authors
     * HBR Analytic Services
     * Copyright Permissions

Manage My Account

     * My Library
     * Topic Feeds
     * Orders
     * Account Settings
     * Email Preferences
     * Account FAQ
     * Help Center
     * Contact Customer Service

Follow HBR

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram
     * Your Newsreader

   Harvard Business Publishing
     * About Us
     * Careers
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Copyright Information
     * Trademark Policy

   Harvard Business Publishing:
     * Higher Education
     * Corporate Learning
     * Harvard Business Review
     * Harvard Business School

   Copyright ©   Harvard Business School Publishing. All rights reserved.
   Harvard Business Publishing is an affiliate of Harvard Business School.

   [p?c1=2&amp;c2=14457509&amp;cv=2.0&amp;cj=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-27">
<text>
   #The Atlantic Best of The Atlantic

   Skip to content

Site Navigation

     *
     * (BUTTON)
       (BUTTON)
       PopularLatestNewsletters

Sections
          + Politics
          + Ideas
          + Fiction
          + Technology
          + Science
          + Photo
          + Business
          + Culture
          + Planet
          + Global
          + Books
          + Podcasts
          + Health
          + Education
          + Projects
          + Features
          + Family
          + Events
          + Shadowland
          + Progress
          + Newsletters
          + Explore The Atlantic Archive
          + Play The Atlantic crossword

The Print Edition
       Latest IssuePast Issues
         ______________________________________________________________

       Give a Gift
     * (BUTTON)
       Search The Atlantic
       (BUTTON) ____________________
       Quick Links
          + Dear Therapist
            Dear Therapist
          + Crossword Puzzle
            Crossword Puzzle
          + Magazine Archive
            Magazine Archive
          + Your Subscription
            Your Subscription
       (BUTTON)
     * Popular
     * Latest
     * Newsletters

     * Sign In
     * Subscribe

   Give a last-minute gift with a lasting impact.Give The Atlantic

   How to Build a Life

Find More Ways to Be an Outsider

   Doing so may feel painful, but it’s one of the best investments you
   will ever make.


    By Arthur C. Brooks

   A group of saltshakers stare at a smiling pepper shaker.
   Jan Buchczik
   March 10, 2022
   (BUTTON) Share

   A smiley face

   “How to Build a Life” is a weekly column by Arthur Brooks, tackling
   questions of meaning and happiness. Click here to listen to his podcast
   series on all things happiness, How to Build a Happy Life.
     __________________________________________________________________

   The world is full of outsiders: students away at a university far from
   home, immigrants to a new country, and people who go abroad for work or
   extended travel. Over the past year, more than 4.4 million American
   workers quit their jobs in the “Great Resignation,” and many of them
   became outsiders by joining a different company or moving to a new
   place, which they perhaps imagined might be friendlier to their
   personal needs and tastes.

   But just because a journey to the unfamiliar was voluntary doesn’t make
   it easy: Being an outsider can be lonely and difficult, especially if
   all the strangers around you seem to know and understand one another.
   Your instincts might tell you that uprooting yourself was a terrible
   decision, that the benefits you sought are much smaller than the costs
   you are bearing. You might even wonder if you’ll ever be happy again.

   The truth is, however, you almost certainly did not make a mistake.
   There is little evidence that being an outsider creates long-term
   problems for happiness or lowers your chance of success; on the
   contrary, people thrust between places and cultures tend to develop
   strength, flexibility, and resiliency. Being an outsider may be one of
   the best investments you will ever make, and you should embrace it,
   pain and all.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Want to stay current with Arthur's writing? Sign up to get an email
   every time a new column comes out.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Scholars have studied outsiders, including immigrants, refugees,
   students, and foreign workers, to understand the long-term effects on
   well-being and personal success. Some of the most illuminating work has
   focused on so-called third-culture kids (TCKs): children who grow up
   outside their parents’ home culture and, as a result, are influenced
   partially by their parents’ home culture and partially by the culture
   in which they live, but mostly relate to a “third culture” made up of
   fellow sojourners. The term was coined in the 1960s by the sociologists
   Ruth Hill Useem and John Useem in studies of people who grow up in, for
   example, missionary and military families.

   A lot of older theories of philosophy and psychiatry would predict
   tough outcomes for outsiders, especially TCKs—and indeed, would
   recommend against being one if you can avoid it. In Laws, Plato argued
   that people should not even travel abroad before age 40, and that
   visitors be restricted to port areas of cities to minimize their
   contact with citizens. He believed that acculturation—the psychological
   change that occurs when a person blends into an unfamiliar culture—was
   damaging to one’s sense of self. Plato’s reasoning carried on into the
   mid-20th century, and was shared by such eminent psychologists as
   Abraham Maslow, Erik Erikson, and Carl Rogers.

   Read: Find the place you love. Then move there.

   Outsiders do tend to face particular genres of hardships, especially
   distrust by insiders. Despite the biblical injunction “Do not oppress a
   foreigner,” even believers often disregard friendliness in favor of
   tribal instinct when it comes to immigrants. You don’t have to move to
   a new place to feel the ill effects. People at the margins of society,
   by virtue of the language they speak or the lifestyle they choose,
   often bear the brunt of hostility. Joseph Stalin, for example, felt a
   particular animosity for the people he and his supporters called
   “rootless cosmopolitans”—generally, Jewish intellectuals, who he
   considered to live outside of mainstream Soviet society despite the
   fact that they lived in Soviet cities.

   However, with all due respect to Plato, outsiders can actually do very
   well. True, they generally suffer somewhat in the short term after a
   move. For example, one recent study showed that international college
   students rated their life satisfaction about 4 percent lower at the end
   of their first semester than at the beginning of the term. But a
   mountain of evidence shows that in the long run, being an outsider
   predicts well-being and emotional strength; it may even protect against
   depression.

   For example, one 2018 study in the Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology
   showed that TCKs grow up to be happier and more resilient than their
   peers who possess less multicultural experience, and are less prone to
   age-related declines in cognitive flexibility. A 2012 review found that
   being raised in at least two cultures leads, on average, to greater
   psychological and emotional well-being and higher social competence in
   adulthood. Also in 2013, scholars found that acculturation is
   negatively associated with depression, anxiety, psychological distress,
   and sadness.

   Read: What immigrants know about happiness

   Furthermore, TCKs don’t usually wind up insecure; they develop multiple
   cultural identities that they employ flexibly, the same way they switch
   between languages. This is almost like a superpower in a globalized,
   fast-changing world.

   Spending time as an outsider is like any other big, taxing investment
   you can make in yourself: difficult and maybe painful, but with a
   positive, lifelong payoff. You might think of it as less like a fun
   vacation, and more akin to a voluntary personal challenge, like
   training for a triathlon. Here are a few ideas to incorporate an
   outsider ethos into your life.

1. Remember that being an outsider is a feature, not a bug.

   When you are new to a place or a group of people, you might be tempted
   to think of your unfamiliarity as a cost of doing business, and
   something to get over as quickly as possible. And by all means, you
   should make friends, learn the language, and find common ground. But
   don’t forget that the uncomfortable friction that occurs while you are
   integrating is making you stronger and more resilient. No pain, no
   gain.

   From the April 2020 issue: The perks of being a weirdo

2. Find regular ways to be an outsider.

   Given the benefits of bicultural experiences, don’t leave your outsider
   status up to circumstance. Find opportunities to be on the margins,
   looking in. In my profession of academia, for instance, we regularly
   take sabbaticals and go someplace completely new for a year or six
   months. Most people don’t have this luxury, but they can do something
   akin to it by changing jobs every few years, or transferring between
   cities. If that sounds too drastic, you can try switching up your
   regular haunts—go to a new church, club, or gym where you know no one.

3. Make friends with outsiders, even if you aren’t one.

   Remember that the third culture of TCKs is the one they form together
   as outsiders. Although no studies that I could find have looked at the
   therapeutic benefits of this third culture per se, it stands to reason
   that such bonding is crucial to the outsider’s superior adjustment
   capacity; it is a way to practice creating one’s own culture
   spontaneously. Even if you aren’t an outsider, you can learn these
   skills by joining those in your community who are. Look for the new
   people in your workplace or town, who are probably hanging out
   together. There’s always room for one more.

   In candor, I’m approaching this topic with a fair amount of bias. Being
   an outsider early in my adulthood was the most positive experience I
   have ever had. At 25, I moved to a foreign country where I didn’t speak
   a word of the language, and knew not one soul save for a woman I hoped
   to marry, but who spoke little English. It was brutal, but
   life-changing in the best way. After a few years, I had lost my fear of
   new things, whether it was an unfamiliar language, working with
   strangers, new love, or a community hostile to foreigners.

   Read: A once-in-a-lifetime chance to start over

   That woman became my wife, and subsequently became an outsider in the
   United States. Over the past 30 years we have moved many times, as have
   our now-adult TCKs. Our youngest, who is adopted from China, attended
   three high schools during an especially peripatetic period in our
   family, and then chose a college in Pamplona, Spain. The changes were
   hard at first, but she is flourishing, just as the data would predict.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-28">
<text>
   ﻿

   Close
   University of California Press
     * Disciplines
          + African Studies
          + American Studies
          + Ancient World (Classics)
          + Anthropology
          + Art
          + Asian Studies
          + Communication
          + Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
          + Economics
          + Environmental Studies
          + Film &amp; Media Studies
          + Food &amp; Wine
          + Gender &amp; Sexuality
          + Global Studies
          + Health
          + History
          + Language
          + Latin American Studies
          + Legal Studies
          + Literary Studies &amp; Poetry
          + Middle Eastern Studies
          + Music
          + Philosophy
          + Politics
          + Psychology
          + Religion
          + Sciences
          + Sociology
          + Technology Studies
     * Courses
     * Products
          + Books
          + Journals
     * Resources
     * Support Us
     * About
     * Blog
     * Contact Us

     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * LinkedIn

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search Search

   Close
   Stay informed: Sign up for eNews Subscribe
   University of California Press
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search Search
     * Disciplines
          + African Studies
          + American Studies
          + Ancient World (Classics)
          + Anthropology
          + Art
          + Asian Studies
          + Communication
          + Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
          + Economics
          + Environmental Studies
          + Film &amp; Media Studies
          + Food &amp; Wine
          + Gender &amp; Sexuality
          + Global Studies
          + Health
          + History
          + Language
          + Latin American Studies
          + Legal Studies
          + Literary Studies &amp; Poetry
          + Middle Eastern Studies
          + Music
          + Philosophy
          + Politics
          + Psychology
          + Religion
          + Sciences
          + Sociology
          + Technology Studies
     * Courses
     * Products
          + Books
          + Journals
     * Resources
     * Support Us
     * About
     * Blog
     * Contact Us

     * Twitter Twitter
     * Facebook Facebook
     * Instagram Instagram
     * YouTube YouTube
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn

     * Shop Shop

   Menu Menu

   Disciplines Sociology Immigration &amp; Emigration

   Citizen Outsider by Jean Beaman
     * Download cover image >gt;
     * Create a flier for this title >gt;
     * Google Books Preview

Open Access

Citizen Outsider Children of North African Immigrants in France

     * by Jean Beaman (Author)
     * September 2017
     * First Edition
     * Paperback
       $34.95,  £27.00
     * Title Details
       Rights: Available worldwide
       Pages: 168
       ISBN: 9780520294264
       DOI: https://doi.org/10.1525/luminos.39
       Trim Size: 6 x 9
       Illustrations: 3 b/w halftones and 1 b/w map, scattered

   Share
   Read now at luminosoa.org Buying Options
     * Amazon
     * Barnes &amp; Noble
     * Bookshop
     * IndieBound
     * Indiepubs
     * Powell’s
     * UC Press

   Skip To
     * About the Book
     * From Our Blog
     * About the Author
     * Reviews
     * Table of Contents
     * Awards
     * Related Books

   About the Book From Our Blog About the Author Reviews Table of Contents
   Awards Related Books
   Skip To
     * About the Book
     * From Our Blog
     * About the Author
     * Reviews
     * Table of Contents
     * Awards
     * Related Books

About the Book

   A free ebook version of this title will be available through Luminos,
   University of California Press’s Open Access publishing program.
   Visit www.luminosoa.org to learn more.
   While portrayals of immigrants and their descendants in France and
   throughout Europe often center on burning cars and radical
   Islam, Citizen Outsider: Children of North African Immigrants in
   France paints a different picture. Through fieldwork and interviews in
   Paris and its banlieues, Jean Beaman examines middle-class and upwardly
   mobile children of Maghrébin, or North African immigrants. By showing
   how these individuals are denied cultural citizenship because of their
   North African origin, she puts to rest the notion of a French
   exceptionalism regarding cultural difference, race, and ethnicity and
   further centers race and ethnicity as crucial for understanding
   marginalization in French society.

From Our Blog

   

Meet Our Authors at ESS 2019

   While at Eastern Sociological Society Annual conference, meet UC Press
   authors at their sessions, see the latest titles from our
   scholar-activists, and meet Executive Naomi Schneider. Author Meets
   Critic Sessions Jean Beaman, author …
   Read More >gt;
   

Feeling Race when Race does not “Exist”

   This guest post is published as part of our Scholar-Activist series
   related to the American Sociological Association conference from August
   11 – 14 in Philadelphia. #ASA18 #ScholarActivist By Jean Beaman, author
   of Citizen Outsider: Children …
   Read More >gt;
   

Books on Racial Theory, Analysis, and Politics in Trump America at SSS

   Going to Southern Sociological Society conference this week from April
   4- 7 in New Orleans? Make sure to attend the author meets critics
   sessions to learn more about books that discuss racial theory …
   Read More >gt;

About the Author

   Jean Beaman is Assistant Professor of Sociology at University of
   California, Santa Barbara.

Reviews

     "Written in a straightforward and engaging style, ... ideal, not
     only for specialists of race and (im)migration in France and beyond,
     but also as a teaching tool for upper level undergraduate
     students."—Ethnic and Racial Studies

     “Offers a critical examination of a so-called colorblind society. A
     solid addition to courses on race, immigration, citizenship, or
     French studies.”—Migration Studies Review

     "A compelling case study for very real challenges facing France
     today."—Sociology of Race and Ethnicity

     "Both the empirical evidence and the theoretical frameworks that
     Beaman employs make important contributions to political and
     scholarly debates over race and immigration in France."—City and
     Community

     "Beaman offers a rich and stringent critique of the continued
     marginalization of French citizens deemed “outsiders” due
     to their race or ethnicity. ... This book is an excellent case study
     of race and immigration in France, suitable for scholars of race and
     ethnicity, and particularly well-suited for senior undergraduate
     students."—American Journal of Sociology

     "I highly recommend this monograph for classroom use in an
     upper-division undergraduate course in race-ethnicity or in a
     graduate-level seminar in race-ethnicity or stratification. I
     recommend this book to those who want a nuanced understanding of how
     immigration, ethnicity, race, and culture frame social inclusion for
     visible minorities in France today. Read this book cover to cover.
     Beaman delivers a sophisticated yet accessible comprehension of why
     the children of North African immigrants in France grow up to be
     citizen outsiders."—Social Forces

     "A methodologically sound, illuminating text that contributes to the
     literature on both immigration and the formation of racial theories
     at the global level."—Teaching Sociology

     "A well-crafted intervention, Citizen Outsider complicates
     discourses surrounding assimilation, integration, and European
     racial politics. . . . Discussions of migration sometimes shy away
     from explicitly naming the racist exclusionary practices which
     underpin the nation state, here Beaman triumphs by entirely centring
     the topic."—European Journal of Cultural and Political Sociology

   "Citizen Outsider takes place in a new thread of research on
   multicultural France. It's a fantastic journey into the minority
   experience of socially upwardly mobile North Africans. It uncovers the
   French 'racial project' and contributes brilliantly to an ongoing
   conversation on racial formation in a formally colorblind society. It
   is worth reading to take stock on racial formation in France."—Patrick
   Simon, Institut National d’Etudes Démographiques (National Institute
   for Demographic Studies), coeditor of Fear, Anxiety, and National
   Identity: Immigration and Belonging in North America and Western Europe

   "Jean Beaman's Citizen Outsider offers a trenchant analysis of the
   racial exclusions, indignities, and injustices experienced by French
   citizens of color. Distinguishing between formal and cultural
   citizenship, Beaman draws on extensive ethnographic evidence and
   interviews to substantiate the insight that physical presence falls
   significantly short of social belonging or acceptance. She traces the
   historical and material conditions underpinning the resulting racial
   tensions and political unsettlements. Citizen Outsider provides a
   compelling account of the social structures and expressions of racism
   in France today—and their individual and community resistances."—David
   Theo Goldberg, Director and Professor, University of California
   Humanities Research Institute, and author of Are We All Postracial Yet?
   "Whites in France lie to themselves and the world by proclaiming that
   they do not have institutional racism in their nation. Relying on
   interviews with second-generation, middle-class North African
   immigrants (a group that should be presumably 'integrated' and thus
   happy), Professor Beaman shatters this myth and shows the deep salience
   of race in the country. Bravo to Professor Beaman for clearly
   documenting how 'racism without racists' operates in the French
   context!"—Eduardo Bonilla-Silva, president of American Sociological
   Association and author of Racism without Racists: Color-Blind Racism
   and the Persistence of Racial Inequality in America
   "Citizen Outsider brilliantly illuminates the significance of
   ethnoracial origins in France, a society whose national identity denies
   their importance. This book is essential reading for anyone who wants
   to understand the role of immigration in the widening social cleavages
   on both sides of the Atlantic."—Richard Alba, coauthor of Strangers No
   More: Immigration and the Challenges of Integration in North America
   and Western Europe

   "France's supposed colorblind Republican ideology has often led
   scholars to overlook or even ignore the complexities of race in France.
   Jean Beaman's work is an important contribution to the study of
   immigration and race in France, bringing the voices of
   second-generation North Africans into the debates around what it means
   to be French and what it means to be Maghrébin/Black at a time when the
   politics of immigration are creating volatile situations in
   the banlieus (suburbs) of France and fueling support for Far Right
   politicians. Beaman's contribution comes at a critical juncture in the
   study of immigration, race, and politics in Europe and should be read
   by students and scholars alike."—Terri E. Givens, Provost, Menlo
   College, and coauthor of Legislating Equality: The Politics of
   Antidiscrimination Policy in Europe
   "Skillfully combining attention to microlevel interaction and to the
   broader social environment, Jean Beaman offers a rich and provocative
   analysis of the cultural marginalization experienced by children of
   North African immigrants in France. She convincingly shows how
   ethnicity continues to separate individuals who have attained
   middle-class status, and how educational and occupational attainment
   can still leave some communities at the margins of society. She reveals
   the subtle and less subtle legacies of racial and ethnic inequalities
   inherited from a history of colonialism. This is a major and innovative
   contribution to the study of citizenship and immigration, a must-read
   for anyone interested in the topic."—Mounira M. Charrad, author of
   States and Women’s Rights: The Making of Postcolonial Tunisia, Algeria,
   and Morocco
   One beautiful part of this book is captured in the words of the people
   interviews because Jean Beaman largely supports her arguments with
   portraits and excerpts of interviews with those whom she calls
   ‘outside’ citizens, in reference to work conceptualizing the
   simultaneous dynamics of integration and social marginalization to
   explain the place of black minorities in American society … Despite
   trajectories that have allowed them to access higher education and
   positions in intermediate or managerial professions, the visibility of
   their social and cultural heritage and the representations associated
   with it in French society lead to discrimination which is more or less
   strong, coupled with a permanent questioning of their legitimacy to
   occupy positions of responsibility in the workplace … Through an
   analysis of identity experiences and discrimination of young adults of
   North African origin who grew up in France, Jean Beaman shows the
   duality, the complexity, and the situational nature of their
   belonging."—Anne-Laure Counilh, University of Poitiers

   Read More >gt;

Table of Contents

   List of Illustrations
   Preface: Black Girl in Paris
   Acknowledgments
   1. North African Origins in and of the French Republic
   2. Growing up French? Education, Upward Mobility, and Connections
   across Generations
   3. Marginalization and Middle-Class Blues: Race, Islam, the Workplace,
   and the Public Sphere
   4. French Is, French Ain’t: Boundaries of French and Maghrébin
   Identities
   5. Boundaries of Difference: Cultural Citizenship and Transnational
   Blackness
   Conclusion: Sacrificed Children of the Republic?
   Methodological Appendix: Another Outsider: Doing Race from/in Another
   Place
   Notes
   References
   Index

Awards

     * North Central Sociological Association Scholarly Achievement Award
       Honorable Mention, North Central Sociological Association

Related Books

   Migration and Hybrid Political Regimes by Rustamjon Urinboyev

Migration and Hybrid Political Regimes

   Rustamjon Urinboyev
   Exit and Voice by Lauren Duquette-Rury

Exit and Voice

   Lauren Duquette-Rury
   Of Love and Papers by Laura E. Enriquez

Of Love and Papers

   Laura E. Enriquez
   Networked Refugees by Nadya Hajj

Networked Refugees

   Nadya Hajj
   Immigrant America by Alejandro Portes, Rubén G. Rumbaut

Immigrant America

   Alejandro Portes, Rubén G. Rumbaut
   Lives in Limbo by Roberto G. Gonzales

Lives in Limbo

   Roberto G. Gonzales
   Body Counts by Yen Le Espiritu

Body Counts

   Yen Le Espiritu
   Paradise Transplanted by Pierrette Hondagneu-Sotelo

Paradise Transplanted

   Pierrette Hondagneu-Sotelo
   Everyday Illegal by Joanna Dreby

Everyday Illegal

   Joanna Dreby
   Skills of the Unskilled by Jacqueline Hagan, Ruben Hernandez-Leon,
   Jean-Luc Demonsant

Skills of the Unskilled

   Jacqueline Hagan, Ruben Hernandez-Leon, Jean-Luc Demonsant

Stay Informed

   Sign up for eNews.
   ____________________ Submit
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * LinkedIn

   Visit the UC Press Blog

Disciplines

     * Ancient World
     * Anthropology
     * Art
     * Communication
     * Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
     * Film &amp; Media Studies
     * Food &amp; Wine
     * History
     * Music
     * Psychology
     * Religion
     * Sociology
     * Browse All Disciplines

Courses

     * Browse All Courses

Products

     * Books
     * Journals

Resources

     * Book Authors
     * Booksellers
     * Instructors
     * Journal Authors &amp; Editors
     * Librarians
     * Media &amp; Journalists

Support Us

     * Endowments
     * Membership
     * Planned Giving
     * Supporters

About UC Press

     * Careers
     * Location
     * Press Releases
     * Seasonal Catalog

Contact Us

     * Acquisitions Editors
     * Customer Service
     * Exam/Desk Requests
     * Media Inquiries
     * Print-Disability
     * Rights &amp; Permissions
     * Royalties
     * UC Press Foundation

   © Copyright 2023 by the Regents of the University of California. All
   rights reserved. Privacy Policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-29">
<text>
                                403 Forbidden
     __________________________________________________________________

                                    nginx
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-3">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M3N97VF

Collider

   Collider logo
     * Movies
          + Movie News
          + Movie Features
     * TV
          + TV News
          + TV Features
     * Trailers
     * Streaming
          + Netflix
               o Best Movies On Netflix
               o Best Shows On Netflix
          + Amazon
          + Disney+
          + HBO Max
          + Hulu
          + Apple TV+
     * Reviews
     * Interviews
     * More
          + Lists
          + Write for Us
          + Contact Us
          + Advertise with Us
          + About
          + Privacy
     * Newsletter

   Follow Us
   Follow Collider
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Something New

   [sr-logo-full-colored-light.svg]
   Covering the hottest movie and TV topics that fans want.
   [cbr-logo-full-colored-light.svg]
   The go-to source for comic book and superhero movie fans.
   [tg-logo-full-colored-light.svg]
   A one-stop-shop for all things video games.

   ____________________

     * Home
     * TV Features
     * 'Andor' Highlights What Being an Outsider Means

                'Andor' Highlights What Being an Outsider Means

   By Emily Kavanagh
   Published Sep 27, 2022

   We don't always find a place to belong.

   star-wars-andor-diego-luna-social-featured Image via Disney+

   Editor's Note: The following article contains spoilers from Episodes
   1-3 of Andor.Cassian Andor (Diego Luna) didn’t ask to be in the Empire.
   We know this now more than ever with the first few episodes of Andor.
   Though Rogue One made Cassian’s disdain for the Empire clear, through
   Andor we’re starting to see where that fire came from. Cassian was from
   Kenari, a mid-rim planet with little Empire activity. He lived in a
   village of people who had never seen a spacecraft before, had their own
   language and culture, and a family of his own. For the beginning of his
   life, Cassian quite literally existed outside the Star Wars world we
   know and love. But his status as an outsider ignorant to the larger
   plights of the galaxy does not last long. After he’s whisked away from
   his home in a bid to save him from Imperial forces, he’s forced into
   the world of the Galactic Empire and forced to deal with the
   consequences of it.

   Cassian Andor is an outsider in a different way than most of the other
   Star Wars protagonists we’ve encountered. Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill)
   feels like an outsider at the start but his bloodline and use of the
   Force make it clear that that outsider status was only ever going to be
   temporary. Even the Mandalorian, Dinn Djarin (Pedro Pascal), lacks some
   outsider status due to his place within the Mandalorians and his
   familial bond with Grogu. These kinds of people have direct connections
   to the Jedi and the Empire in a way that makes it almost impossible for
   them to not get involved. But Cassian isn’t called to great purpose
   through destiny or connection, he chooses it. As an outsider, he had no
   choice but to be brought into the world of the Empire and everything it
   entails but without any firm connections to it, Cassian is also able to
   navigate the world differently than many others.

Being an Outsider for Andor Leaves You On the Outskirts of Community

   andor-season-1-episode-3-diego-luna-social-feature Image via Disney+

   Being an outsider can entail a lot of things and as we see with
   Cassian, there are a lot of negatives that can come from that. Being an
   outsider makes others suspicious of you. There’s a sense of safety
   found in commonalities so when differences are detected they can become
   an unjust cause for targeting. In the very first scene of the show,
   Cassian is questioned by the guards at the bar and later harassed by
   them because he seems out of place. Though his race isn’t listed as
   Kenari anywhere, his so-called “dark features” and accent still cause
   others to scrutinize him unfairly like Bix’s (Adria Arjona) boyfriend
   Tomm (James McArdle) who eyes Cassian with suspicion and even tips off
   the Pre-Mor officers to his whereabouts. We see through Andor how being
   an outsider can put one in a particularly vulnerable position where
   they can easily be made into a victim or a perpetrator just through
   means of survival.

   His status as an outsider means Cassian is often in constant danger
   because he is not only beholden to his own actions but also to how they
   may be perceived by others. But this outsider status is not without its
   merits. Others who find themselves on the fringes like Bix or Maarva
   (Fiona Shaw) will band together with Cassian despite or even because of
   his differences because there is a sense of solidarity in that
   struggle. People who live on the fringes of society must work together
   to ensure their survival. Cassian may be an outsider, but he’s not a
   soldier yet and so the civilians, knowingly or not, help him to evade
   the Pre-Mor.

   There’s also undoubtedly value in differences, in the perspective of an
   outsider, something Luthen (Stellan Skarsgård) seems to believe in
   particular as he went out of his way to recruit Cassian.

   RELATED: 'Andor' Continues the Trend of Star Wars Shows Leaning Into
   Their Influences

Cassian Uses His Status as Outsider to His Advantage

   andor-episode-3-cassian-luthen-social-featured Image via Disney+

   Being seen as different also means you’re likely to be underestimated
   and Cassian has used that to his advantage, explaining in Episode 3 how
   he’s been able to steal so many parts from Imperial ships because he
   simply does his best to look unassuming. The Empire believes they’re
   too smart to be duped by someone like him, and he uses that to his
   advantage. Being underestimated allows Cassian to navigate the world in
   different ways than others. In a world that is constantly
   underestimating you, it can be easy to fade into the shadows or become
   jaded, but it’s his connections to others on the fringes and his
   determination to find his sister, another outsider, that gives him this
   different way of navigating the world. If he’s unable to achieve his
   goals through conventional means, he’ll use back channels and that’s
   what makes him particularly qualified to be a rebel spy.

   Being an outsider may attract the attention of the in-crowd, but it
   also draws the attention of other outsiders. The Imperial officers may
   have shot at the Kenari on sight but Maarva goes out of her way to save
   Cassian because she knows he’ll be killed if more officers show up.
   Some people will see outsiders not as a danger but as unwitting
   participants in something beyond their control. Cassian finds
   friendship, support, and solidarity in the connections he makes with
   others working outside the system to survive. And this mirrors the
   formation of the Rebel Alliance on a microscale. People who have been
   subjugated by the Empire joining hands and operating outside of
   established channels. Outsiders are, by nature, a threat to the status
   quo and when they band together they’re capable of a reckoning.

   Andor offers us insight into what being an outsider means. It’s a
   dangerous and vulnerable position but also makes the outsiders
   themselves a danger. They’re able to see things more clearly from the
   outside and subvert assumptions to their own ends whether that be
   something as simple as sneaking onto ships to steal parts or as
   complicated as helping take down the Empire. Outsiders are a threat
   because they aren’t beholden to the status quo, in fact, they’re often
   victims of it like Cassian, and this puts them in a unique position to
   see the world for what it is and enact change. In coming episodes,
   we’ll likely see just what an “outsider” is capable of as we watch
   Cassian transform from someone struggling to stay alive to the
   hard-headed rebel we know from Rogue One.

   Subscribe to our newsletter

   Comments
   Share Tweet Share Share Share
   Copy
   Email
   Share
   (BUTTON)
   Share Tweet Share Share Share
   Copy
   Email
   Link copied to clipboard

   Related Topics
     * TV Features
     * Andor (2022)

   About The Author
   Emily Kavanagh (77 Articles Published)

   I'm a writer from Western Colorado who loves all things nerdy.

   (BUTTON) Close

   Best-Movies-on-Netflix-Updated-feature
   3 days ago

Trending Now

   Simone Ashley as Kate Sharma in Bridgerton

'Bridgerton' Season 3: Get Ready For a New Side to Viscountess Bridgerton

   andor-episode-4-diego-luna-social-featured-02

'Andor' Season 2 Is Headed to Yavin [Exclusive]

   House of the Dragon-Balerion the Black Dread

'House of the Dragon': This Tale of Balerion Is a Westeros Horror Story

     * Write For Us
     * Home
     * Contact Us
     * Terms
     * Privacy
     * Copyright
     * About Us
     * Fact Checking Policy
     * Corrections Policy
     * Ethics Policy
     * Ownership Policy

   Copyright © 2023 collider.com
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-30">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-31">
<text>
   #RSS 2.0 RSS .92 Atom 0.3

   Tasting Table ×
     * NEWS
     * EXCLUSIVES
     * EAT
     * DRINK
     * COOK
     * RECIPES
     * CULTURE
     * ENTERTAIN
     * FEATURES
     *
     * About
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use

   © 2023 Static Media^®. All Rights Reserved
   Tasting Table
   Tasting Table
   The Creole Cocktail's Outsider Origins

   NEWS EXCLUSIVES EAT DRINK COOK RECIPES CULTURE ENTERTAIN FEATURES

The Creole Cocktail's Outsider Origins

   Creole Cocktail on bar Maximfesenko/Getty Images
   By Autumn Swiers/Dec. 1, 2022 4:01 pm EST

   When you think about New Orleans cuisine, dishes like Bouillabaisse,
   gumbo, crawfish, jambalaya, beignets, Po boys, or classic red beans and
   rice might come to mind. Mark Twain himself once famously said, "New
   Orleans food is as delicious as the less criminal forms of sin." But,
   what does the city offer to drink? Introducing, the Creole Cocktail:
   the New Orleans bevy you've probably never heard of.

   There's a version of the Creole Cocktail recipe printed in W.C.
   Whitfield's 1939 book "Just Cocktails," per The Spruce Eats, so folks
   have been enjoying it for a while. But, don't let the name deceive you
   — the Creole Cocktail didn't come from New Orleans. Ben Hatch, beverage
   director at New Orleans' Elysian Bar, says that hasn't stopped the
   cocktail from enjoying wild popularity amongst Louisiana sippers.

   "New Orleans is such a boozy town that people aren't afraid to pull up
   a bar stool when it's 110 degrees outside," says Hatch, via PUNCH.
   "They order a very spirit-forward cocktail like this and enjoy it just
   as much."

   So, what exactly are the Creole Cocktail's outsider origins? And how
   did it come to be associated with The Big Easy?

The spirit of The Big Apple in The Big Easy

   Person serving a Creole Cocktail Maximfesenko/Getty Images

   According to Neal Bodenheimer, author of "Cure: New Orleans Drinks and
   How to Mix 'Em" via PUNCH, the Creole Cocktail was created by a New
   York City-based mixologist called Hugo Ensslin. Ensslin immigrated to
   NYC from Germany, and the Big Apple had at least as much influence on
   Ensslin's creation as New Orleans, says Bodenheimer. The Creole
   Cocktail is equal parts rye whiskey and sweet vermouth, stirred with
   Bénédictine and Amer Picon.

   The most "New Orleans" thing about the drink, says the outlet, is the
   French Bénédictine and Amer Picon ingredients. Bénédictine is a spiced,
   herbal liqueur with top notes of citrus and pine. Amer Picon is a
   mildly bitter liqueur that's wicked popular among French mixologists,
   says David Lebovitz, and it's nearly impossible to get outside of
   France. If you're struggling to get it yourself, Saveur recommends
   substituting a dash or two of Angostura bitters for Amer Picon.

   These French liqueurs narrowly separate the Creole Cocktail from the
   classic Manhattan cocktail, which aligns with Ensslin's alleged
   subliminal piety to New York City. But, his creation is nearly
   indistinguishable from the lesser-known Brooklyn Cocktail, which
   features rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, maraschino, and Amer Picon, per
   Liquor.com. The lineup of ingredients is almost identical — which, we
   guess, means the Creole Cocktail must be a pretty fail-safe drink for
   mixologists to keep in their back pockets.
   Recommended
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-32">
<text>
   Explore
   Search
   Monday, Jan 02, 2023
   New Delhi ^oC
   Hindustan Times News
   Games
   E-Paper
   [exciting-deals.svg] [white-close-icon.svg] Avail your free vouchers
   now, in My Offers
   Sign in
   My Account
   Start 15 Days Free Trial
   Subscribe
   Enjoy unlimited access

   Subscribe Now! Get features like
   Ad lite A Minimal Ad Experience
   HT Premium Articles Expertly crafted articles
   Quickreads Segment News brief in summary format
   HT E-paper Access digital news experience
   [1x1.jpg]
   Start 15 Days Free Trial

     * Home
     * Latest News
     * India
     * World
     * Cities
     * Entertainment
     * Cricket
     * Lifestyle
     * Astrology
     * Editorials
     * For You
     * Shop Now

     * Trending
     * Quickreads
     * Daily Digest
     * Quiz
     * videos
     * Photos
     * Tech
     * Business
     * Sports
     * Web Stories
     * Delhi News
     * Mumbai News
     * Bengaluru News
     * Following
     * HT Premium
     * Games
     * + 7 more
          + Web Stories
          + Delhi News
          + Mumbai News
          + Bengaluru News
          + Following
          + HT Premium
          + Games

   Home / Entertainment / Bollywood / Avinash Tiwary wants to support
   outsiders entering industry: I wish there was someone to guide me when
   I started my journey

   Read this news in brief form. Click here X

Avinash Tiwary wants to support outsiders entering industry: I wish there was
someone to guide me when I started my journey

   bollywood
   Published on Dec 06, 2022 11:01 AM IST

Actor Avinash Tiwary is not chasing fame but longevity to fulfil his personal
mission of creating a space to support outsider entering the entertainment
industry

   Avinash Tiwary was recently seen in web series, Khakee: The Bihar
   Chapter Avinash Tiwary was recently seen in web series, Khakee: The
   Bihar Chapter
   (BUTTON) Follow Us
   (BUTTON) Follow Us
   Share Via
   Copy Link
   BySugandha Rawal

   Actor Avinash Tiwary is not chasing fame but longevity to fulfil his
   personal mission of creating a space to support outsider entering the
   entertainment industry.

   He reasons, “I want to live the bandwidth to be the best of the good
   and the worst of the bad. I want to have longevity in this field. If
   I’m able to sustain for a long period of time, that means I’ll be doing
   things right. And only then I’d be able to survive this competitive
   market.”

   The actor, who was recently seen in web show Khakee: The Bihar Chapter,
   is passionate about supporting outsiders and he calls it a “personal
   matter”.

   Looking back, he tells us, “I’ve been acting since 2003. This is my
   19th year [in showbiz], and throughout this period, starting at a very
   early age, I’ve always felt that I wish someone was there to guide me,
   because sometimes you’re just left in space when you don’t know
   anything. Everything that you’ve done is carve your own way through
   it.”

   However, Laila Majnu and Bulbbul actor is quick to add that whatever he
   has done so far comes with a great sense of pride. “I won’t deny it.
   I’m an egotistical man and it does feed that part of me. But I maintain
   that there are so many times I just felt that someone told me how to go
   about things. Humme nahi mila toh ab lagta hai ke durson ko dena
   chahiye humein,” he continues, “I want to get to a point in life where
   I can do things for the outsiders, I hope that happens. If that
   happens, then there’ll be more space for outsiders to come because we
   have created that way for them.”

   Over the years, there is a section of his fans who feel the actor still
   hasn’t got the right due in the industry. Mention this, and he says he
   doesn’t have any qualms or complaints.

   “The way I look at it is to be deserving of what you desire. And if I
   don’t have what I desire then it is only because I have not become
   deserving of it. So there’s a long way to go. I’m glad that people
   think that I should deserve more. I hope it stays. And I’m doing every
   bit possible to ensure that, but I think I’m not ready yet, which is
   why it hasn’t come to me,” he ends.
   Get more updates from Bollywood, Hollywood, Musicand Web Seriesalong
   with Latest Entertainment Newsat Hindustan Times.
   SHARE THIS ARTICLE ON
   Subscribe to our best newsletters
   HT Daily Capsule
     * Pick a topic of your interest and subscribe
     * [ ] All Newsletters

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Subscribe
   Subscribed to newsletter successfully
   Thank you for subscribing to our Daily News Capsule newsletter.

   Personalise your news feed. Follow trending topics
   (BUTTON) Done
   Trending Topics to Follow
     * Coronavirus Live Updates
     * Suryanagari Express
     * Delhi News
     * Horoscope 2023
     * CBSE
     * Horoscope Today

   SHARE
   Copy
   Whatsapp Twitter Facebook Linkedin

Join Hindustan Times

Create free account and unlock exciting features like

   (BUTTON) Newsletters, Alerts and Recommendations Get personalised news
   and exiting deals Bookmark the stories you want to read later
   (BUTTON) REGISTER FOR FREE
   Already have an account? Sign In
   SKIP

   (BUTTON) Click to Top

   Story Saved

   OPEN APP

   ×
   Edit Profile
   Start 15 Days Free Trial Subscribe Now

Your Subscription Plan

   Cancel Subscription
   Saved Articles
   Following
   My Reads
   My Offers
   Sign out

   New Delhi ^0C
   Monday, January 02, 2023

   Start 15 Days Free Trial Subscribe Now
     * Home
     * Year Ender
     * Elections
     * HTLS 2022
     * Astrology
     * India News
     * Lifestyle
     * Entertainment
     * Trending
     * Cricket
     * Videos
     * Education
     * Photos
     * World News
     * Sports
     * Cities
     * Business
     * Daily Digest
     * Quickreads
     * Opinion
     * Analysis
     * For You
     * Following
     * Web Stories
     * Science
     * Podcasts
     * Latest News
     * Cricket
          + T20 World Cup 2022
          + India vs South Africa
          + Asia Cup 2022
          + ICC Rankings
          + Schedule
     * Cities
          + Delhi
          + Mumbai
          + Bengaluru
          + Gurugram
          + Noida
          + Hyderabad
          + Chennai
          + Kolkata
          + Bhopal
          + Chandigarh
          + Dehradun
          + Indore
          + Jaipur
          + Lucknow
          + Patna
          + Pune
          + Ranchi
          + Other Cities
     * Lifestyle
          + Fashion
          + Health
          + Relationships
          + Art and Culture
          + Travel
          + Recipes
          + Festivals
          + Pet
          + Brunch
     * Entertainment
          + Bollywood
          + TV
          + Web Series
          + Music
          + Hollywood
          + Telugu Cinema
          + Tamil Cinema
     * Education
          + Exam Results
          + Competitive Exams
          + Board Exams
          + Admission
          + Employment
     * Astrology
          + Horoscope
          + Festive Calendar 2022
          + Compatibility Calculator
     * Elections
          + Himachal Pradesh
          + Gujarat
     * Videos
          + india news
          + infocus
          + HT Insight
          + Explainer Videos
          + On The Record
          + HT Weekend
          + Aur Batao
          + Vikram Chandra Daily Wrap
     * Photos
          + Entertainment
          + Lifestyle
          + News
     * Sports
          + Football
          + T20 World Cup 2022
          + Hockey
          + Tennis
     * HT Insight
          + Public Health
          + Economic Policy
          + International Affairs
          + Climate Change
          + Gender Equality
     * Games
          + Daily Sudoku
          + Daily Crossword
          + Daily Word Jumble
     * More from HT
          + CricHT Fantasy
          + Auto
          + HT Tech
          + HT Bangla
          + HT School
          + HT Brand Stories
          + Quiz
          + HT Friday Finance

     * Explore Hindustan Times
     * HT Newsletters
     * Weather Today
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Disclaimer
     * Print Ad Rates
     * Code of Ethics
     * Sitemap
     * RSS Feeds
     * Subscription - Terms of Use

   Copyright © HT Digital Streams Ltd. All rights reserved.
   My Account
   [exciting-deals.svg] My Offers
   Saved Articles
   Sign in
   Register Free and get Exciting Deals
   Sign out
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-33">
<text>
   Content
   Skip to Main ContentAccessibility Help
   (BUTTON) Menu
   ____________________When search suggestions are available use up and
   down arrows to review and enter to select.
   (BUTTON) Search
   (BUTTON)
   Search
   (BUTTON) Sign In

Quick Links

     * News
     * Sports
     * Radio
     * Music
     * Listen Live
     * TV
     * Watch

   (BUTTON)
     * news
     * Top Stories
     * Local
     * Climate
     * World
     * Canada
     * Politics
     * Indigenous
     * Opinion
     * The National
     * Business
     * Health
     * Entertainment
     * Science
     * CBC News Investigates
     * Go Public
     * About CBC News
     * Being Black in Canada
     * (BUTTON) More

   From outsider to insider: Cabinet minister Kris Austin on the year he
   went mainstream | CBC News Loaded
   New Brunswick

From outsider to insider: Cabinet minister Kris Austin on the year he went
mainstream

   Kris Austin says he has not changed, but the politics surrounding him
   have — and the New Brunswick cabinet minister believes they’re moving
   in his direction.

Social Sharing

People’s Alliance founder turned PC minister says his goals and strategy have
not changed

   Jacques Poitras · CBC News · Posted: Dec 06, 2022 6:00 AM AT | Last
   Updated: December 6, 2022
   A man wearing a suit is forward-facing. A woman stands behind him
   holding a recorder.
   Kris Austin said he is pragmatic about what he can achieve as part of a
   mainstream political party. (Jacques Poitras/CBC)
   (BUTTON)
   comments

   Kris Austin says he has not changed, but the politics surrounding him
   have — and he believes they're moving in his direction.

   The former People's Alliance leader's defection to the Progressive
   Conservatives in March was a stunning moment in New Brunswick politics
   this year.

   But he argues it made sense given his goal remains the same in 2022 as
   it was when he founded the Alliance in 2010: to nudge the party system
   into giving New Brunswickers a sharper contrast and a clearer choice.

   "I think there needs to be a separate distinct ideology between the two
   [mainstream political parties], and back then I didn't see it quite
   like I do today," the Fredericton-Grand Lake MLA and minister of public
   safety said during an in-depth interview with CBC News.
   Austin said he understands how his switch from the Alliance upset many
   supporters. (Jacques Poitras/CBC)

   "Today I feel there is a little more of a difference between the two,
   and I think we played a part in that, which I think is good and
   positive in the long term."

   Now, as a member of an internal PC government working group studying
   how to update the Official Languages Act, he's an even more polarizing
   figure than he was as leader of a small populist party.

   In a wide-ranging 45-minute discussion, Austin said he is pragmatic
   about what he can achieve as part of a mainstream political party.

   But this is still better than irrelevance, he said.

Winning some battles better than opposition

   "Maybe you win 50 per cent of the time, maybe you win 70 per cent of
   the time," he said.

   "The alternative was to sit in the opposition and win none of the time
   and not be able to see any change in New Brunswick that you want to
   see."

   Austin said he understands how his switch from the Alliance, which he
   made with fellow party MLA Michelle Conroy, upset many supporters.
   [michelle-conroy.jpg]
   Michelle Conroy announced her move to the Tories on March 30, along
   with Austin. (Jacques Poitras/CBC)

   "They were very passionate over the years, and I know some of them are
   disappointed in the decision I made," he said.

   "It's about effectiveness. How do we be effective and how do we really
   make change? Otherwise I feel like we're just wasting time. And I'm not
   one for wasting time."

No 'ultimatums' on language law changes

   What kind of influence Austin will have on an update to the Official
   Languages Act has emerged as a key question for many francophones leery
   of his position on bilingualism.

   He has long insisted he supports official bilingualism but questions
   some aspects of its implementation — a disingenuous distinction in the
   eyes of Acadian activists.

   Liberal and Green MLAs want him removed from the internal working
   group, worried he'll weaken institutions created to protect
   minority-language francophone rights.
     * Austin faces tough questions on language at PC party meeting

     * Premier defends decision to put Kris Austin on languages committee

   Austin believes the post of commissioner of official languages, created
   in 2002, and the two language-based health authorities, established in
   2008, are not needed to meet the goal of the original 1969 Official
   Languages Act: equal service to the public in both languages.

   Last month, his cabinet colleague Daniel Allain said keeping those
   institutions was "non-negotiable" for him as a francophone, and he'd
   vote against any move to eliminate them.

   Austin said he will not draw any similar lines in the sand.

   "Whatever government decides as a whole, you're part of government," he
   said. "I don't like to operate on ultimatums."
   WATCH | Kris Austin on his 'lines in the sand' on language:

Cabinet minister Kris Austin talks about his role in revising the Official
Languages Act

   27 days ago
   Duration 2:24
   Kris Austin sat down for an in-depth interview about his time as
   People’s Alliance leader and his move to the Progressive Conservatives.

Austin founded Alliance after losing PC nomination

   Austin ran for the PC nomination in the riding of Grand Lake-Gagetown
   for the 2010 election.

   He lost, and rather than stick with the party and wait for another
   opportunity, he founded the Alliance.

   "I wanted to do something new. I wanted to do something that I felt
   would give more openness to the political spectrum."

   The PCs and Liberals had become "a little too similar," in his view. He
   felt voters needed a distinct right-of-centre option.

   The early years were a slog, with few encouraging signs — until the
   2014 election.

Narrow 2014 loss encouraged him to press on

   In that campaign he came within 25 votes of winning the new
   Fredericton-Grand Lake riding.

   "I think it would have been different if I had lost with a much larger
   margin. It was really that 25-vote spread that told me that we can
   continue to build and see some growth."

   By 2018 several language-rights controversies were brewing, including a
   cut in work hours for a unilingual commissionaire at the government's
   Chancery Place office building and a number of bilingual paramedic
   positions that couldn't be filled.
   [kris-austin.JPG]
   In 2014, the Alliance won three seats, including Austin's. He said
   there's no denying language issues played a role. (Catherine
   Allard/Radio-Canada)

   The Alliance won three seats, including Austin's.

   He said there's no denying language issues played a role in the
   breakthrough.

   "Pretty much everybody" supports the idea of bilingualism, Austin said,
   but Alliance voters didn't want it implemented in a way that would
   "leave anybody out in the cold."

Liberals 'aggressively' sought Alliance support in 2018, Austin says

   The Liberals lost their majority in that election and won one fewer
   seat than the PCs. Premier Brian Gallant tried to hang on to power,
   convening the legislature in the hopes of winning a confidence vote
   with the support of smaller parties.

   Gallant worked "aggressively" to win him over, Austin revealed.

   "There was no hard offer on the table but the door was always open, you
   know," he said. "'Should you decide to at least open the door to that,
   we could talk about different things.'"
     * Cardy says several PC MLAs oppose Austin's role on language
       committee

     * Top Acadian minister outlines 'non-negotiable' stance on
       bilingualism

   Many Liberal MLAs elected with Gallant in 2018 now want Premier Blaine
   Higgs to drop Austin from the language law working group.

   The Alliance voted against the Liberals, leading to the defeat of their
   government and Higgs's ascent to the premier's office — with Austin
   holding the balance of power.

Alliance worked quietly to influence PC policy

   Austin adopted a quiet approach to take advantage of his leverage and
   advance his agenda.

   At a 2019 public accounts committee meeting, officials from Ambulance
   New Brunswick said no ambulance had ever been taken out of service
   because of a lack of bilingual paramedics.

   Austin was at the committee session but opted not to use the forum to
   challenge the officials or ask questions on the issue.

   Similarly, he never introduced a bill to amend the Official Languages
   Act.

   Drafting a bill would require a lot of specialized expertise from a
   party still learning the ropes at the legislature, he explained.

   He preferred to work behind the scenes with Higgs to get Medavie Health
   Services to reorganize the ambulance service to address vacancies. The
   government also reclassified paramedic positions, which gave them
   higher pay.

2020 setback left Austin at 'crossroads' about party's future

   Despite those successes, the Alliance suffered two setbacks in the next
   election in 2020: one of its three MLAs was defeated, and the PCs
   gained a majority.

   "I was at this crossroads," Austin said.

   The party's leverage was gone. At the same time, donations and members
   were dropping off, in part, Austin believes, because voters saw the PCs
   under Higgs adopting some Alliance policies.

   "One of the key elements for me was, 'What is the current government
   doing?' and 'If they're doing a lot of what we're saying, why are we
   doing what we're doing?'" he said. "Why can't we just join that and try
   to be a part of that and see growth in New Brunswick?"
   WATCH | Kris Austin on his transformation from political outsider to
   insider:

Kris Austin explains how he’s taking his populist approach into the political
mainstream.

   27 days ago
   Duration 2:35
   The founder of the People’s Alliance says he’s succeeded in giving New
   Brunswickers a clearer choice when they cast their ballots.

   Austin also said he was exhausted after 12 years travelling the
   province as a party leader, giving up precious family time.

   He and Conroy announced their move to the Tories on March 30.

No promise of cabinet post when he defected to PCs, Austin says

   Defecting to the PCs meant Austin lost the $19,750 salary he got as
   leader of an official party in the legislature on top of his $85,000
   annual MLA pay.
   [education-minister-dominic-cardy-sept-2-2021.jpg]
   Dominic Cardy recently tweeted that Austin told education officials he
   met in the spring that he would not support 'anything that forces
   French down people's throats.' (CBC/Facebook)

   He made the jump without any promise from Higgs of a cabinet position
   and salary down the road, he said.

   "There was no commitment to say, 'Look, this is what I want' and 'This
   is what you're going to get.' I did say, 'I want to be a part of this,
   not just on the outside looking in.' But there was no hard commitment."

   Austin said he and Conroy got a "very cordial" welcome from the PC
   caucus, including ministers Daniel Allain and Dominic Cardy, despite
   clear disagreements on key issues.

   "Even with Minister Allain, we've had discussions and I feel no
   animosity, personal or otherwise, with him, and I hope he doesn't."

Says he wants to improve his French-language skills

   Cardy recently tweeted that Austin told education officials he met in
   the spring that he would not support "anything that forces French down
   people's throats."

   Austin said he doesn't remember saying that. He said he told officials
   he did not want increased French instruction for non-immersion students
   coming at the expense of math, science and "some of the other basics."

   In October, Austin was sworn into cabinet as public safety minister.
   [daniel-allain.jpg]
   Daniel Allain and Austin have had discussions, Austin said, and 'I feel
   no animosity, personal or otherwise with him, and I hope he doesn't.'
   (Jacques Poitras/CBC via Legislature livestream)

   The rookie minister said he now hopes to improve his own French skills.

   "That is something I do want to work on. There's no question learning a
   second language is a difficult task, especially the older you get.… But
   I acknowledge I do have to do a little bit better in terms of at least
   getting some basic understanding of the language."

   He also wouldn't rule out running for the PC leadership someday.

   "I leave all options on the table. I don't want to box myself in one
   way or the other."

'My objective was accomplished'

   Reflecting on the last 12 years, the one-time populist outsider
   believes he has moved the PCs to a place where there is now a "clear
   distinction" with the Liberals.

   "I think my objective was accomplished to a certain degree in that
   regard."

   Still, he doesn't feel he needs a clear win on language policy, one of
   his old party's signature issues, to prove his point.

   He believes he, Allain and others on the language working group can
   reach a consensus everyone can accept — but that still bears his
   imprint.

   "This is about how do we find that middle ground? How do I ensure that
   at least some of my ideas on public policy, whatever it is, can be
   brought to table and be part of that change?" he said.

   "Again, you're not going to win every battle, but I know that I'm more
   effective where I am now than where I would be had I not made this
   move."

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

   Jacques Poitras

   Provincial Affairs reporter

   Jacques Poitras has been CBC's provincial affairs reporter in New
   Brunswick since 2000. He grew up in Moncton and covered Parliament in
   Ottawa for the New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal. He has reported on
   every New Brunswick election since 1995 and won awards from the Radio
   Television Digital News Association, the National Newspaper Awards and
   Amnesty International. He is also the author of five non-fiction books
   about New Brunswick politics and history.

   CBC's Journalistic Standards and Practices|About CBC News
   Corrections and clarifications|Submit a news tip| (BUTTON) Report error

CBC Newsletters

   Add some “good” to your morning and evening.

   A variety of newsletters you'll love, delivered straight to you.
   Sign up now

Comments

   To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last
   names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online
   communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities).
   Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted.

   By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce
   and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC
   chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed
   in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our
   Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the
   right to close comments at any time.

Become a CBC Member

   Join the conversation  Create account

   Already have an account?

Footer Links

My Account

     * Profile
     * CBC Gem
     * Newsletters
     * About CBC Accounts

Connect with CBC

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * YouTube
     * Instagram
     * Mobile
     * RSS
     * Podcasts

Contact CBC

     * Submit Feedback
     * Help Centre

   Audience Relations, CBC
   P.O. Box 500 Station A
   Toronto, ON
   Canada, M5W 1E6

   Toll-free (Canada only):
   1-866-306-4636

About CBC

     * Corporate Info
     * Sitemap
     * Reuse &amp; Permission
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Jobs
     * Our Unions
     * Independent Producers
     * Political Ads Registry
     * AdChoices

Services

     * Ombudsman
     * Corrections and Clarifications
     * Public Appearances
     * Commercial Services
     * CBC Shop
     * Doing Business with Us
     * Renting Facilities
     * Radio Canada International

Accessibility

   It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all
   Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive
   challenges.

   Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows
   offered on CBC Gem.
     * About CBC Accessibility
     * Accessibility Feedback

     *
     * ©2023 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved.
     * Visitez Radio-Canada.ca

   (BUTTON)

   now
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-34">
<text>
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-K7VS6K

   Monday, January 2, 2023
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

     *
     * Home
     * News
          + City
          + Campus
          +
          + All News
     * Culture
     * Sports
          + Football
          + Men’s Basketball
          + Women’s Basketball
          + Volleyball
          + Ice Hockey
          + Men’s Soccer
          + Women’s Soccer
          + Baseball
          + Softball
          +
          + All Sports
     * Opinion
     * Spotlight
     * Multimedia
     * More
          + Contact
          + classifieds
          + Religious Directory
          + Obituaries
          +
          + All More
     * Donate
     * More
     * ____________________
       Search

   CULTURE

'Constant feeling of being an outsider': The experience of minority
humanities professors

   Dipika Rao
   November 17, 2022
     *
     *
     *
     *

   
   office at Wells Hall on Nov. 9, 2022. 

   Spanish professor Claudia Berrios-Campos poses for a photo in her
   office at Wells Hall on Nov. 9, 2022.
   — Photo by Sonya Barlow | The State News

   The total percentage of faculty and academic staff of color at Michigan
   State University is 28.9%. For faculty members like public affairs
   professor Ramya Swayamprakash, the lack of diversity can be isolating.

   “It’s just (a) constant feeling of being an outsider, having to prove
   that I belong here,” Swayamprakash said. “And it oftentimes leads to an
   imposter syndrome, which is really hard to sort of break out (of). I
   don’t think a lot of my white colleagues have to ever think or engage
   in those sorts of thoughts on an everyday, existential level.”

   Swayamprakash said being a woman of color disadvantages her on a
   regular basis, particularly with colleagues casting doubt on her
   abilities.

   “(My white colleagues) question my native tongue, which is English,”
   Swayamprakash said. “Because I’m a minority, I don’t speak ‘American.’
   … These kinds of things, especially in the work environment, can be
   detrimental to anybody, because then other people begin to see you as
   not so capable because you don’t speak the right way.” ﻿

   International relations professor Robert Brathwaite is Vietnamese and
   Black. He said this phenomenon happens to students of color as well and
   can lead to feeling inadequate. He feels like he can't make any
   mistakes and having a multiracial background can perpetuate the feeling
   of estrangement from his white counterparts.

   Comparative culture and politics professor Sejuti Das Gupta, who is
   Indian, said she feels pressured to validate or prove her knowledge.

   “I had to learn I was competing with my white colleagues that probably
   have been a part of the system for a much longer time,” Das Gupta said.
   “That was definitely a disadvantage for me. Initially, for two years, I
   put in extra hours of work.”

   Das Gupta said an especially challenging moment of pushback was when
   students found her accent hard to understand, which she didn't know how
   to control. An accent, she said, is how a minority speaks a language.

   Spanish and cultural studies professor Claudia Berrios-Campos is
   Peruvian and Latina. She said stereotypes associated with different
   racial and ethnic backgrounds can permeate her relationships with
   students. Often, she said, others are surprised by her education. ﻿

   “(They’re) really impressed that I even managed to get a degree,”
   Berrios-Campus said. “They assumed by default that I didn’t have access
   to great education, but I am fortunate to say that I did. It’s not the
   same story for a lot of Peruvians, but I had a very good and diverse
   education.” ﻿

   Berrios-Campos also said she noticed a difference in the way her
   students receive her expertise as a woman of color. When she gave
   comments about the role of U.S. colonial structures in her Latino
   American literature class, she said she received "attitude" from
   students. ﻿

   "Almost like, ‘Who are you to talk about American politics?’"
   Berrios-Campos said. "I’m a professor!”

   Swayamprakash has experienced difficulty trying to connect with her
   students as well, as a direct result of her race.

   “I do think there is a fair degree of resistance to somebody who
   doesn’t speak like Americans, and I don’t think it’s malicious,”
   Swayamprakash said. “I think it’s just creatures of habit. Having
   somebody new who doesn’t look like, speak like you can be challenging.
   I've had my fair share of students who don’t like my face because of
   the way I talk, because I’m Indian.”

READ MORE

   CITY

Meet the candidates: East Lansing school board hopefuls address top issues

   Lily Guiney
   CAMPUS

Minorities in STEM: stereotypes, obstacles, success stories

   Ashley Zhou  and  Dipika Rao
   CULTURE

Lack of diversity in James Madison College presents challenges for students

   Amalia Medina

   Swayamprakash said students frequently assumed she studied a STEM
   subject rather than social science. Assumptions like these feed into
   the notion that humanities are less relevant than sciences,
   Barrios-Campos said.

   “The lack of seriousness is perceived,” Swayamprakash said. “The
   humanities have certain stigma on not being considered true
   contributions in the development of humanity. This always makes me very
   sad and a little angry.” ﻿

   Barrios-Campos said while subjects like biology, finance and medicine
   are essential facets of human progress, the humanities provide an extra
   element of future implications. These nuanced contributions, she said,
   have become increasingly important in the face of historical events
   like the pandemic, which has affected human contact.  ﻿

   “With sciences versus social sciences, there is a definite difference
   of acceptance,” Das Gupta said. “The other thing that I’ve experienced
   is … I was very passionate about doing field work. But when I would
   tell that to students … they made the decision that I chose that path
   because I was not good at philosophy or theory.” ﻿

   Even within social sciences, Das Gupta said, there is an assumed
   hierarchy: scholars that study theory are considered serious, while
   those that do field work can be perceived as less accomplished
   academically.

   The preconceptions surrounding minorities in humanities also affect
   academic endeavors beyond the classroom. Brathwaite said making
   professional connections can be difficult.

   Support student media! Please consider donating to The State News and
   help fund the future of journalism.
   Donate

   For professors of color, networks may look different than that of their
   white colleagues. However, Brathwaite said, this is not necessarily a
   reflection of their competence, but rather the institutional structure
   that limits minorities’ access.﻿

   Das Gupta said there are a number of grants that professors cannot
   apply for if they are not citizens – which is a significant
   disadvantage for many minorities.

   “If you want to retain a diverse group of faculty, we need to think
   about, ‘How do we enable them to do that kind of work?’” Das Gupta
   said. “I don't think in this situation, having equal funding makes it
   equal. I think it needs to have an equal outcome.”

   In the midst of these issues, Brathwaite said, an arc of progress can
   be seen within academia.﻿

   “It seems like we’re moving beyond the conversation towards people
   understanding actions need to be taken," Brathwaite said. "Now, that
   still means these things need to be implemented. I think there’s a lot
   of work that still needs to happen.” ﻿

Discussion

   Share and discuss “'Constant feeling of being an outsider': The
   experience of minority humanities professors ” on social media.

    facebook  twitter

TRENDING

   [80830b47-8dc0-4ebc-9aa1-36dd815e4d6a.sized-1000x1000.jpg?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   WOMEN'S BASKETBALL

Double-digit scoring efforts propel MSU women's basketball to upset No. 4
Indiana

   Maddy Warren
   [c9f29c33-6960-4c37-862a-19146831bd4a.sized-1000x1000.JPG?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   BASKETBALL

FINAL: Michigan State wraps up 2022 with 89-68 win against Buffalo

   Alex Faber
   [864539c9-ff72-492c-a8f5-469642f26cd1.sized-1000x1000.JPG?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   BASKETBALL

Three takeaways from Michigan State’s victory over Buffalo

   Alex Faber
   [5e993172-62ee-4f44-b15d-9799edb31e5c.sized-1000x1000.JPG?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   CITY

Gov. Whitmer inaugurated for second term, unveils bipartisan vision for next
four years

   Maggie George
   [3db2dc92-c936-45ee-bb6f-167c9a063719.sized-1000x1000.jpg?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   MEN'S BASKETBALL

Malik Hall expected to play versus Buffalo, Keon Coleman practicing with team

   Maddy Warren
   [9db8ae22-8a38-4664-ac7c-11a3685e726b.sized-1000x1000.jpg?w=1000&amp;amp;ar
   =1%3A1&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;crop=faces&amp;amp;facepad=3&amp;amp;auto=format]
   WOMEN'S BASKETBALL

Preview: MSU women's basketball looking for first Big Ten win against No. 4
Indiana

   Maddy Warren
   Board of Trustees special coverage

   ____________________
   (submit)

Sections

     * news
     * sports
     * spotlight
     * opinion
     * classifieds
     * religious directory
     * obituaries

Quick Links

     * about
     * advertise
     * board of directors
     * photo reprints
     * privacy policy
     * corrections &amp; archives
     * student positions

Social

     * alumni
     * contact us
     * email newsletter
     *

Latest Print Issue

   [page_1_thumb_large.jpg]

   All Content © 2023 State News, Inc.
   Powered by [SNworks.png] Solutions by The State News.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-35">
<text>
    The Athletic
   (BUTTON) Log In
   Search
   Subscribe
   GENK, BELGIUM - DECEMBER 9: Ike Ugbo of KRC Genk during the UEFA Europa
   League match between KRC Genk and Rapid Wien at Cegeka Arena on
   December 9, 2021 in Genk, Belgium (Photo by Perry vd Leuvert/BSR
   Agency/Getty Images)

England-born Ike Ugbo hoping to shed ‘outsider’ label with goals for Canada

   Joshua Kloke
   Nov 14, 2022

   9

   The time on the clock was creeping into the wee morning hours where he
   was in Belgium, but after what Ike Ugbo had just witnessed on TV, he
   couldn’t sit still.

   At BMO Field in Toronto, the Canada men’s team had just come back to
   beat Panama 4-1 on the sixth matchday of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying
   with an entertaining, full-throttle approach. Qualifying for the World
   Cup for the first time since 1986 began to look like a possibility.

   Advertisement

   With the sun starting to appear, Ugbo, 24, decided he wanted in on the
   experience. He fired off a text message to Canada centre-back Doneil
   Henry – five years Ugbo’s senior, but a familiar face because the two
   had grown up five minutes apart in Brampton, Ontario.

   “He was megging me when I was in grade five, and we used to beat him
   up,” said Henry, with a smile.

   Ugbo asked Henry how he could get involved in the Canada team. A
   talented product of the Chelsea academy, Ugbo had bounced around on
   loan deals, leading to questions about his long-term potential. Henry
   posed a question of his own in response to Ugbo’s text: Do you have the
   right mentality to play on this team?

   Ugbo insisted he did, so Henry passed the message over to Canada head
   coach John Herdman.

   Herdman had inquired about Ugbo’s availability to play for Canada early
   in his tenure as head coach, but was told by Chelsea staff that Ugbo
   was only interested in representing England after playing for several
   of their youth national teams. Still, Ugbo remained eligible to play
   for Canada. And as a vital forward in an attack-minded Canada squad,
   the World Cup could finally be the time for the AC Troyes man, long
   considered an outsider in Chelsea’s ranks and whose career has taken
   winding turns, to deliver on years of promise, and carve out a place
   for himself.
     __________________________________________________________________

   When Ugbo closed his eyes and thought about being four years old and
   playing soccer in Brampton, two images came to mind.

   “Scoring a lot of goals,” he said with a smile. “And, our jerseys were
   sponsored by Tim Hortons.”

   Born in London, Ugbo moved to Canada with his mother and sisters while
   still in preschool. His father remained in the UK to work, but traveled
   between the two countries often. When his father was with him, he would
   regale his son with stories of the Nigeria team at the 1994 World Cup,
   who topped their group.

   Advertisement

   As fate would have it, his family had moved to what would eventually
   become the soccer capital of Canada, home to some of the country’s best
   players,  including Atiba Hutchinson, Tajon Buchanan, Jonathan Osorio
   and, of course, Henry.

   “When I look back, I can see how much growth Canada has had, and how
   far Canada has come to where we are today,” said Ugbo.

   Eventually, the distance between the family became too great and Ugbo,
   then nine, and his family returned to England. Ugbo began playing
   recreationally there, but readily admits that, having grown up in
   Canada, he failed to understand just how deeply entrenched soccer is in
   England’s national psyche.

   Read more: Canada World Cup 2022 squad guide: A Geordie coach, the
   Iceman, and a players’ strike

   After a few months playing as a midfielder in a friendly Sunday league,
   Ugbo was approached by a Chelsea scout offering a chance to train at
   their academy.

   “At the time, I didn’t see it as big as it was,” he said.

   He was playing as a No. 10, but after changes in the squad forced him
   to move to striker as a 16-year-old, he was able to stay in the
   position because of his natural instincts for finishing.

   “You learn different types of movements needed,” said Ugbo. “When I
   made the transition, I brought things that I had to use while playing
   in midfield. It just clicks well.”

   For the majority of his time in the Chelsea academy, highlighted by
   UEFA Youth League titles in 2015 and 2016, things clicked for him. He
   signed his first professional contract with Chelsea in 2015.

   But almost immediately, his eyes became bigger than his stomach. As a
   17-year-old he thought, I have to play first team football as soon as
   possible.

   “I was ready to learn everything from a young age, including the
   difficulties,” he said.

   Joining a Chelsea first team with Premier League and Champions League
   title aspirations wasn’t possible. His father wanted him to get outside
   of his comfort zone and go abroad. Instead, Ugbo went on loan with
   Barnsley in the EFL Championship. Regular playing time and goals did
   not come. The same was the case for his loan to League One side MK Dons
   for the second half of the 2017-18 season, as well as his loan to
   another League One side, Scunthorpe United, for 2018-19.

   Advertisement

   He had rushed into his professional career, scoring just five goals
   across those three teams in his two seasons on loan.

   “It looked like maybe I wasn’t ready, and you could say that,” Ugbo
   said. “I was still a kid. I had to learn fast.”

   This shock was coupled with living away from home for the first time,
   and the new responsibilities he had to learn — be it maintaining a
   clean apartment or eating healthy. He struggled with the latter, to the
   point that it negatively impacted his performances.

   “Your body is asking for more than in Under-23’s football because the
   intensity is even higher,” he said. “It was a real shock to me at the
   time.”

   During his scoring drought and frequent moves, he wondered whether he’d
   succeed as a professional soccer player.

   “Sometimes there were doubts through the first two loans, for sure,” he
   said. “Like, ‘Where’s my level?’”

   Conversations with those closest to him all eventually came to the same
   conclusion: the teams he was trying to crack would not change their
   approach to fit Ugbo. Instead, he needed to better understand his
   surroundings.

   “You have to be quicker at adapting to the team’s tactics,” he said of
   what he learned through his first few failed loan spells. “I don’t
   think many coaches will change the tactics for you.”

   He employed that mentality when he finally did get out of his comfort
   zone with a loan to JC Roda in the Dutch second division. His 13 goals
   in 28 league matches bolstered his confidence through the 2019-20
   season, as did the 16 goals he scored in 32 matches on loan in
   Belgium’s top flight with Cercle Brugge. He now had the belief
   instilled in him from Cercle Brugge head coach (and former Chelsea
   assistant) Paul Clement of his potential as a scorer in a European top
   flight. Ugbo found himself asking more questions of Clement than he
   ever had of any previous manager to better understand how he could be
   effective.

   Advertisement

   The conclusion of the 2020-21 season brought the end of Ugbo’s Chelsea
   contract. But for the first time in his career he had the confidence
   and agency over his career that he never did while bouncing from loan
   move to loan move. Ugbo had finally learned what qualities made him his
   most dangerous on the pitch.

   “A nuisance,” he said. “Being everywhere and being clinical. Not
   needing many chances, just one or two, to score. That’s when I’m at
   best.”
     __________________________________________________________________

   Ugbo’s goal-scoring put him on the radar of multiple national teams. In
   September 2021, as Ugbo was beginning to find the back of the net with
   Genk on a new permanent deal in the Belgian first division, he publicly
   stated that he would represent Nigeria. The chance to play in the 2022
   World Cup was a driving factor.

   Quietly, Ugbo still hesitated with his decision. He says now that he
   never heard from then-Nigeria national team coach Gernot Rohr
   throughout the process.

   “And,” he added, “I never grew up in Nigeria, either.”

   His first conversation with Herdman in October 2021 changed everything.

   “(Herdman) knew about me from when I was at Chelsea,” Ugbo said. “He
   knew exactly what I was going through. He spoke to me about the
   ambitions of Canada and what he’s trying to do and what he’d already
   done. Already I could see, without him telling me, the direction Canada
   was going in.”

   The Canada national team’s upward trajectory matched his own. He
   committed to Canada just before they departed for Edmonton and earned
   two crucial wins in November 2021 against Costa Rica and Mexico to go
   to the top of the CONCACAF World Cup qualifying table.

   “He adapted well, right when he came on the team,” said fellow Canada
   forward Lucas Cavallini.

   This includes connecting with teammates about fashion, which he sees as
   an outlet to express his personality. During the team’s June camp in
   Vancouver, Henry took Ugbo to some of his favourite clothing spots on
   Robson Street. Henry’s guidance helped turn Ugbo on to new designers.

   Advertisement

   But even Henry, who takes more fashion risks than his teammates, was
   taken aback.

   “Some of the things that he would wear, I would never wear,” Henry
   said, cracking a quick smile. “It’s just offside for me.”

   During the June camp, Ugbo gained enough confidence to start imparting
   some of his own personality on other teammates – for example, having
   noticed that Cavallini’s Spotify playlists relied too heavily on
   reggaeton, Ugbo grabbed Cavallini’s phone and added more American
   hip-hop to the mix in this past June’s international window.

   “He introduced me to some artists that I never used to listen to,” said
   Cavallini, “but now he’s got me hooked on them.”

   Ugbo is also making an impression on the pitch. He can use his
   instincts to quickly get inside of defenders before using his strength
   to maintain that positioning. Crucially, he can be a clinical finisher
   close to goal.

   “(Ugbo) always finds himself in the right situations,” said Canada
   teammate Jonathan David. “When his back is against the goal, he’s very
   good at holding the ball up, twisting, turning in and finding his way
   out.”

   But in a World Cup year, Ugbo’s potential is hardly as important as his
   current output. It took longer than Ugbo wanted to sign a permanent
   deal with Troyes ahead of this season, which cut into his pre-season
   and training camp. He looked sluggish, playing with a heavy touch early
   in the season. Ugbo only began to move more fluidly and find more
   scoring opportunities in September.

   Ugbo’s next step will be taking on more of a prominent role in the
   Canada team and extinguishing that outsider tag once and for all.

   “I think that can only be established through performance,” Herdman
   told The Athletic. “(He) would probably walk into another position on
   the field, but in that forward line with Jonathan David, Alphonso
   Davies, Cyle Larin, Junior Hoilett and Tajon Buchanan, that’s a tough
   group to break. So with Ike, it’s about a massive season for Troyes.”

   Still, there is a potential window of opportunity for Ugbo to make a
   mark. Cavallini occupies a similar No. 9 role as Ugbo, but with his
   Vancouver Whitecaps falling short of the MLS playoffs, Cavallini didn’t
   get regular playing time heading into the World Cup. Larin is Canada’s
   all-time leading scorer, but regular minutes at Club Brugge have been
   few and far between.

   Then there is the matter of tactical flexibility, something Herdman
   demanded of the 10 forwards he invited to Canada’s September camp.
   Could Ugbo adapt to a new role, as opposed to a typical goal-front
   poacher for Canada? Will that be the final step to him earning a start
   at the World Cup?

   Ugbo sincerely hopes so.

   “The performances in your club team, especially for me, it’s just about
   goals and assists, making sure I’m performing on a regular basis, no
   matter the team,” said Ugbo.

   He spoke in a more serious tone, before his child-like smile appeared
   again.

   After bouncing around for most of his career, ahead of the World Cup,
   he’s finally found where he can have the most important impact of his
   career to date.

   “I feel this (Canada’s national team) is where I belong.”

   Read more: Belgium vs Canada result: Batshuayi strikes on the break
   after Davies misses penalty

   (Photo: Perry vd Leuvert/BSR Agency/Getty Images)

   Get all-access to exclusive stories.

   Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite
   players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.
   Start Free Trial
   Joshua Kloke Joshua Kloke

   Joshua Kloke is a staff writer who has covered the Maple Leafs and
   Canadian soccer for The Athletic since 2016. Previously, he was a
   freelance writer for various publications, including Sports
   Illustrated. Follow Joshua on Twitter @joshuakloke
   National
   Boxing
   Bundesliga
   Champions League
   Championship
   College Football
   Copa del Rey
   Culture
   Europa League
   European Championship
   FA Cup
   Fantasy Baseball
   Fantasy Basketball
   Fantasy Football
   Fantasy Hockey
   Fantasy Premier League
   Gaming
   Golf
   International Soccer
   La Liga
   League Cup
   League One
   League Two
   LNH
   Men's College Basketball
   Mixed Martial Arts
   MLB
   MLS
   Motorsports
   NBA
   NFL
   NHL
   NWSL
   Olympics
   Premier League
   Scottish Premiership
   Serie A
   Soccer
   Sports Betting
   Sports Business
   UK Women's Football
   WNBA
   Women's College Basketball
   Women's Euros
   Women's Hockey
   World Cup
   NCAA Women's Basketball
   The Athletic Ink
   Podcasts
   Headlines
   Real Time
   US
   Arizona
   Atlanta
   Baltimore
   Bay Area
   Boston
   Buffalo
   Carolina
   Chicago
   Cincinnati
   Cleveland
   Columbus
   Dallas
   Denver
   Detroit
   Houston
   Indiana
   Jacksonville
   Kansas City
   Las Vegas
   Los Angeles
   Memphis
   Miami
   Minnesota
   Nashville
   New Orleans
   New York
   Oklahoma
   Oregon
   Orlando
   Philadelphia
   Pittsburgh
   Sacramento
   San Antonio
   San Diego
   Seattle
   St. Louis
   Tampa Bay
   Utah
   Washington DC
   Wisconsin
   Canada
   Calgary
   Edmonton
   Montreal
   Montréal (français)
   Ottawa
   Toronto
   Vancouver
   Winnipeg
   Subscribe
   Start Subscription
   HQ
   About Us
   Careers
   Code of Conduct
   Editorial Guidelines
   Business Inquiries
   Press Inquiries
   Support
   FAQ
   Forgot Password?
   Redeem Gift
   Contact Us
   Newsletters
   The Pulse
   ©2023 The Athletic Media Company. All rights reserved.
   Policy Center
   Support
   Sitemap
   Twitter
   Facebook
   Instagram
   Download on the App Store
   Get it on Google Play

   [tr?id=207679059578897&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-36">
<text>
   #Pundit Arena » Feed Pundit Arena » Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate

          + Home
          + Football
          + Rugby
          + GAA
          + Hurling
          + Gaelic Football
          + Horse Racing
          + LOI Arena
          + MMA
          + Golf
          + NFL
          + Irish Sport
          + Features

   Skip to content

   Pundit Arena Pundit Arena

   Pundit Arena

   Because Sport Is Everything

   Search for: ____________________ Search

     * Home
     * Football
     * Rugby
     * GAA
          + Hurling
          + Gaelic Football
     * Horse Racing
     * LOI Arena
     * MMA
     * Golf
     * NFL
     * Irish Sport
     * Features

   [tr?id=490785211090285&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

Martin O’Neill says he felt he was treated as an “outsider” as Ireland
manager

   November 8, 2022
   by Rudi Kinsella
   Martin O'Neill Martin O'Neill

Some fascinating comments from the former Ireland boss.

   Martin O’Neill has said that he feels as though he was treated as an
   “outsider” while he was Ireland manager.

   O’Neill managed Ireland from 2013 until 2018, helping qualify the team
   for Euro 2016, and guiding them to the round-of-16 at that tournament.
   [INS: :INS]

Martin O’Neill.

   However, despite the incredible highs of Euro ’16, there were some
   undeniable lows too, and O’Neill ultimately left his job as a divisive
   figure among Irish football fans.

   Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph, O’Neill said that by the end of his
   time in charge, he was viewed in a similar light to Giovanni
   Trapattoni, in that he was seen as an outsider.

   He said that once he realised that, it didn’t matter that results were
   “okay”, and that it would be difficult to win back the fanbase.

Martin O’Neill on Ireland job

   He said: “The truth is this: there were a number of times that I was
   called ‘the Northerner’ or ‘the outsider’ and I was treated in many
   ways the same way as Trapattoni eventually became: one of those figures
   you tend to hate. I think that was it.

   “My persona didn’t seem to fit with them throughout the time,” he
   added, “and I’m even going back to heavy criticism in the early stages
   of our 2016 European campaign when we were in the same group as
   Germany, Poland, Scotland and Georgia.

   “When we only drew with Scotland in Dublin and we still had plenty of
   matches to go, the criticism was very heavy at that stage but we made
   it through.

   “I think if you are viewed as a bit of an outsider to begin with then
   it’s hard, regardless of results being okay, to win them back again.
   That would be my thoughts on it.”

   O’Neill has made his opinions on new Ireland manager Stephen Kenny very
   clear with some of the comments he has made in recent months. More on
   that here.

Sign Up For The LOI Arena Newsletter

   ____________________

   Sign up
   Leave this field empty if you're human: ____________________

   Read More About: martin o'neil
     __________________________________________________________________

   [gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==]
   [255681-ROI-NOW-Pundit-Arena-Statics-Nov-22-Premier-League-600x300px.jp
   g] Advertisement
   Advertisement
   [gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==]
   [255681-ROI-NOW-Pundit-Arena-Statics-Nov-22-Premier-League-300x600px.jp
   g]

Post navigation

   Previous Previous post: Autumn Nations Series team of the week for
   Round One
   Next Next post: Ultimate FIFA Soundtrack – The best songs from the past
   25 years now available on Spotify

Related posts

FAI announce significant increase in League of Ireland attendances

Argentina miss out on top spot in Fifa World Rankings

Emi Martinez’s remarkable journey from League Two to World Cup glory

Trending

     John Terry pokes fun at himself over Sergio Aguero’s World Cup
       celebrations
     Leinster issue positive update on Tadhg Furlong injury
     FAI announce significant increase in League of Ireland attendances
     Munster v Leinster: TV details, team news and kick-off time
     Bath confirm signing of Finn Russell from Racing 92
     Connacht v Ulster: TV details, team news and kick-off time
     Argentina miss out on top spot in Fifa World Rankings
     Irish EPCR team of the weekend for Round Two
     Eddie Jones picks out his biggest mistake as England head coach
     Micah Richards credits Richard Dunne with helping him through
       “borderline bullying” of early career

Archives

     * December 2022
     * November 2022
     * October 2022
     * September 2022
     * August 2022
     * July 2022
     * June 2022
     * May 2022
     * April 2022
     * March 2022
     * February 2022
     * January 2022
     * December 2021
     * November 2021
     * October 2021
     * September 2021
     * August 2021
     * July 2021
     * June 2021
     * May 2021
     * April 2021
     * March 2021
     * February 2021
     * January 2021
     * December 2020
     * November 2020
     * October 2020
     * September 2020
     * August 2020
     * July 2020
     * June 2020
     * May 2020
     * April 2020
     * March 2020
     * February 2020
     * January 2020
     * December 2019
     * November 2019
     * October 2019
     * September 2019
     * August 2019
     * July 2019
     * June 2019
     * May 2019
     * April 2019
     * March 2019
     * February 2019
     * January 2019
     * December 2018
     * November 2018
     * October 2018
     * September 2018
     * August 2018
     * July 2018
     * June 2018
     * May 2018
     * April 2018
     * March 2018
     * February 2018
     * January 2018
     * December 2017
     * November 2017
     * October 2017
     * September 2017
     * August 2017
     * July 2017
     * June 2017
     * May 2017
     * April 2017
     * March 2017
     * February 2017
     * January 2017
     * December 2016
     * November 2016
     * October 2016
     * September 2016
     * August 2016
     * July 2016
     * June 2016
     * May 2016
     * April 2016
     * March 2016
     * February 2016
     * January 2016
     * December 2015
     * November 2015
     * October 2015
     * September 2015
     * August 2015
     * July 2015
     * June 2015
     * May 2015
     * April 2015
     * March 2015
     * February 2015
     * January 2015
     * December 2014
     * November 2014
     * October 2014
     * September 2014
     * August 2014
     * July 2014
     * June 2014
     * May 2014
     * April 2014
     * March 2014
     * February 2014
     * January 2014
     * December 2013
     * November 2013
     * October 2013
     * September 2013
     * August 2013
     * July 2013
     * June 2013
     * May 2013
     * April 2013
     * March 2013
     * February 2013
     * January 2013
     * December 2012
     * November 2012
     * September 2012
     * August 2012
     * June 2012
     * March 2012
     * January 2012
     __________________________________________________________________

   Home / About Us / Terms of Use / Contact us / Advertise with Us /
   Privacy Centre
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-37">
<text>
   #ABC7 San Francisco RSS alternate

     * How safe is your neighborhood? Check out Bay Area safety tracker
       Full Story
     * Watch ABC7 newscasts on demand
       Full Story
     * ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream
       Watch Now
     __________________________________________________________________

     *
     *
     *

   WATCH LIVE
   ____________________ Search
   San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay
   EDIT
   Log In

   ____________________ Search
   WatchApps
   Local News
   San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay
   Categories
   WeatherTrafficBuilding A Better Bay Area - Take Action7 On Your
   SideI-TeamEquity ReportABC7 Original VideosFeel Good Stories
   WeatherDroneView7 VideosSports &amp; Dubs On 7Technology &amp; BusinessUS &amp;
   WorldHealth and CoronavirusCalifornia
   Station Info
   About ABC7 Bay AreaABC7 Newsteam Bios#ABC7Now: Connect with ABC7Take
   Action in Your CommunityABC7 Jobs &amp; InternshipsContests, Promotions, &amp;
   Rules
   shows
   ABC7 Live NewscastsABC7 Midday LiveABC7 SpecialsLocalishWith Authority
   PodcastTV Listings
   Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7
   Follow Us:
   Welcome,
   Your Account
   Log Out
   election 2022

'Insider' or 'outsider'? Here's who is on track to win key SJ mayor, Santa
Clara Co. Sheriff races

   Dustin Dorsey Image
   ByDustin Dorsey via KGO logo
   Friday, November 11, 2022
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Here's who is on track to win SJ mayor, Santa Clara Co. Sheriff races

   IFRAME: about:blank

   EMBED 

   
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   Here's who is on track to win the elections for the San Jose mayor and
   Santa Clara County Sheriff races.

   SAN JOSE, Calif. (KGO) -- The race for mayor of San Jose and Sheriff of
   Santa Clara County featured two candidates with years of experience
   working in the South Bay and two relatively new faces to the area.

   And so far, it has been those newcomers leading the results.

   Matt Mahan and Bob Jonsen took early leads in their races, touted by
   many as "outsider" candidates.

   They told us someone who has a new look at old problems in South Bay is
   exactly what voters have been looking for.

   MORE: 2022 Midterm California Election Results: Who won governor race,
   propositions

   We spoke to Mahan today and Jonsen last week.

   "I think it's clear the voters want new leadership," Jonsen said on
   Nov. 2. "One with a fresh perspective and one that has the experience
   to deliver the reform that's necessary."

   "I think they want to hear us acknowledge that on homelessness, crime
   and affordable housing, we're moving in the wrong direction," Mahan
   said. "And, while we don't have total control over everything that
   happens in society, we need public policy to make things better."

   Mayoral candidate Cindy Chavez and sheriff Candidate Kevin Jensen both
   have years of experience working in the South Bay -- both are trailing.

   Chavez was unavailable to speak today, but told us last week there's no
   insider or outsider as she and Mahan have both worked in leadership
   roles.

   MORE: CA proposition results: From abortions to electric vehicles,
   here's what's projected to pass or fail

   She recognizes that voters want change, but she said she wants it as
   well.

   "We've got to get San Jose clean if we really want to see it safer.
   That really is the only path," Chavez said on Nov. 2. "I think that
   requires a level of experience and relationships in the community that
   will allow us to move a lot of people in a better direction."

   Jensen meanwhile recognizes he is seen as the insider, but told us
   today that voters not recognizing he's been internally trying to fix
   issues attributed to former Sheriff Laurie Smith is unfair.

   "I think you're right," Jensen said. "I think the people are looking
   for change. I've been calling for change for 12 years, and it's hard to
   get people to understand the nuances of a race and not just the
   topical, 'Here's a little about each race. I'm going to make my vote.'"

   SJSU Political Science Professor Melinda Jackson told us even if the
   candidates feel they may not fit their insider or outsider mold, she
   thinks voters are making their feelings known.

   "Voters are becoming impatient and really wanting faster progress on
   these issues," Jackson said.

   The Registrar of voters is trying to process the majority of the
   ballots within the next week.

   If you're on the ABC7 News app, click here to watch live
   Report a correction or typo
   Copyright © 2023 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.
   Related Topics
   POLITICS SAN JOSE SANTA CLARA COUNTY ELECTION 2022 SOUTH BAY SHERIFF
   ELECTION THE MAYOR

Election 2022

Election error changes outcome in Oakland school board race

Alameda Co. finds error in ranked-choice voting, investigating race

NY congressman George Santos' resume under scrutiny for accuracy

Warnock wins Georgia Senate runoff, ABC News projects

   Live Streams

   IFRAME: about:blank

   (BUTTON)
   ON NOW

Top Stories

Sinkhole closes Oakland Zoo until at least Jan. 17

     * 2 hours ago

Epic cleanup begins after NYE flooding submerges SF businesses

Authorities asking for public's help in locating 3-year-old girl

Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after accident

Idaho murders suspect childhood friend reveals new details

   Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI body lying in state at Vatican
     * 3 hours ago

   LIST: New California laws in 2023

   Here's a look at severe flooding that has drenched Bay Area roadways

   ABC7 San Francisco

     * Home
     * AccuWeather
     * Traffic
     * Local News
        San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay
     * Categories
        WatchAppsBuilding A Better Bay Area - Take Action7 On Your
            SideI-TeamEquity ReportABC7 Original VideosFeel Good Stories
     * Station Info
        About ABC7 Bay AreaABC7 Newsteam Bios#ABC7Now: Connect with
            ABC7Take Action in Your CommunityABC7 Jobs &amp;
            InternshipsContests, Promotions, &amp; Rules
     * Shows
        ABC7 Live NewscastsABC7 Midday LiveABC7 SpecialsLocalishWith
            Authority PodcastTV Listings
     * Apps

   ABC7 San Francisco
   Follow Us:
   HomeWeatherTrafficWatchPhotosApps
   San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay
   Building A Better Bay Area - Take Action7 On Your SideI-TeamEquity
   ReportABC7 Original VideosFeel Good Stories
   About ABC7 Bay AreaABC7 Newsteam Bios#ABC7Now: Connect with ABC7Take
   Action in Your CommunityABC7 Jobs &amp; InternshipsContests, Promotions, &amp;
   Rules
     * Privacy Policy
     * Do Not Sell My Personal Information
     * Children's Privacy Policy
     * Your US State Privacy Rights
     * Terms of Use
     * Interest-Based Ads
     * Public Inspection File
     * FCC Applications

   Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Personal InformationChildren's Privacy
   PolicyYour US State Privacy Rights
   Terms of UseInterest-Based AdsPublic Inspection FileFCC Applications
   Copyright © 2023 ABC, Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-38">
<text>
   #Search this site

University of Minnesota Press

   Coming soon

   Disciplines

     * American Studies
     * Anthropology
     * Architecture and Design
     * Art and Performance
     * Cultural Criticism
     * Economics and Business
     * Education and Law
     * Environment
     * Film and Media
     * Geography
     * History
     * Literature
     * Minnesota and the Upper Midwest
     * Native American and Indigenous Studies
     * Political Science
     * Psychology
     * Sociology
     * Theory and Philosophy

     * Home
     * Current Catalogs
     * Blog

     * View Cart
     * Checkout

     * About the Press
     * Explore Books
     * News &amp; Events
     * Information
     * Book Division
     * Test Division
     * Journal Division

   Menu
     * About the Press
     * Explore Books
     * News &amp; Events
     * Information
     * Book Division
     * Test Division
     * Journal Division

     * Home
     * Current Catalogs
     * Blog

     * View Cart
     * Checkout

   Search Site
   [ ] only in current section
   __________________ Search
   Advanced Search…

   You are here:
    1. Home
    2. Book Division
    3. Books
    4. Outsider Theory

Share

Outsider Theory

Intellectual Histories of Unorthodox Ideas

   2018
   •
   Author:

   Jonathan P. Eburne
   [mini]
   A vital and timely reminder that modern life owes as much to outlandish
   thinking as to dominant ideologies

   Outsider Theory is a timely book about outlandish ideas, bringing
   readers on an adventure in intellectual history that stresses the
   urgency of taking seriously ideas that might otherwise be regarded as
   errant, unfashionable, or even unreasonable. It shows how crucial it is
   to know how and why such ideas have left their impression on modern-day
   thinking and continue to shape its evolution.

   A bracing challenge to academic squeamishness, Outsider Theory is a
   learned, mischievous, and fascinating book that makes a compelling
   argument for the positive role of fraud, failure, and error in
   knowledge production. Outsider art, writing, and thinking can no longer
   be neatly quarantined in isolated and eccentric individuals, but must
   be recognized as thoroughly implicated in mass culture, scholarship,
   laboratory work, and critical theory.
   —

   John Wilkinson, University of Chicago
   [cover_medium]

Tags

   Theory and Philosophy, Art and Performance, Intellectual History

   What do the Nag Hammadi library, Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code,
   speculative feminist historiography, Marcus Garvey’s finances, and maps
   drawn by asylum patients have in common? Jonathan P. Eburne explores
   this question as never before in Outsider Theory, a timely book about
   outlandish ideas. Eburne brings readers on an adventure in intellectual
   history that stresses the urgency of taking seriously—especially in an
   era of fake news—ideas that might otherwise be discarded or regarded as
   errant, unfashionable, or even unreasonable.



   Examining the role of such thinking in contemporary intellectual
   history, Eburne challenges the categorical demarcation of good ideas
   from flawed, wild, or bad ones, addressing the surprising extent to
   which speculative inquiry extends beyond the work of professional
   intellectuals to include that of nonprofessionals as well, whether
   amateurs, unfashionable observers, or the clinically insane.


   Considering the work of a variety of such figures—from popular occult
   writers and gnostics to so-called outsider artists and
   pseudoscientists—Eburne argues that an understanding of its circulation
   and recirculation is indispensable to the history of ideas. He devotes
   close attention to ideas and texts usually omitted from or marginalized
   within orthodox histories of literary modernism, critical theory, and
   continental philosophy, yet which have long garnered the critical
   attention of specialists in religion, science studies, critical race
   theory, and the history of the occult. In doing so he not only sheds
   new light on a fascinating body of creative thought but also proposes
   new approaches for situating contemporary humanities scholarship within
   the history of ideas.


   However important it might be to protect ourselves from “bad” ideas,
   Outsider Theory shows how crucial it is for us to know how and why such
   ideas have left their impression on modern-day thinking and continue to
   shape its evolution.

Awards

   Winner of the James Russell Lowell Prize from the Modern Language
   Association

   $29.95 paper ISBN 978-1-5179-0555-2
   $120.00 cloth ISBN 978-1-5179-0554-5
   464 pages, 34 b&amp;w photos, 6 1/8 x 9 1/4, 2018
   [cover_medium]

   Jonathan P. Eburne is associate professor of comparative literature,
   English, and French and Francophone studies at the Pennsylvania State
   University. He is author of Surrealism and the Art of Crime, coauthor
   of four other books, and editor of ASAP/Journal.
   [cover_medium]

   A bracing challenge to academic squeamishness, Outsider Theory is a
   learned, mischievous, and fascinating book that makes a compelling
   argument for the positive role of fraud, failure, and error in
   knowledge production. Outsider art, writing, and thinking can no longer
   be neatly quarantined in isolated and eccentric individuals, but must
   be recognized as thoroughly implicated in mass culture, scholarship,
   laboratory work, and critical theory.
   —

   John Wilkinson, University of Chicago

   Jonathan P. Eburne has written a generous, curious, rigorous book about
   ideas often dismissed as ridiculous, embarrassing, and even dangerous.
   Outsider Theory takes them seriously, which means subjecting them to
   the same caliber of historical analysis and philosophical critique
   usually reserved for ‘good’ ideas. In doing so, he launches us on
   several fascinating voyages across what he calls ‘the oceanic expanse
   of modern intellectual history.’
   —

   Evan Kindley, author of Poet-Critics and the Administration of Culture

   This timely book is not only genuinely interesting, but makes a strong
   and original contribution to the discussion concerning the future of
   the humanities. Jonathan P. Eburne's study of questions of method is
   itself an achievement of method, engaging with the outsiders not as a
   cabinet of curiosities, but in a way that troubles thinking, and
   especially thinking about thinking.
   —

   Margret Grebowicz, Tyumen State University
   [cover_medium]

   Acknowledgments

   Preface: Enemies of the Truth

   Introduction

   Part I. Alien Gods

   1. The Library We’ve Been Waiting For: The Alien Knowledge of Nag
   Hammadi

   2. Gnostic Materialism

   Part II. Mythomorphoses

   3. So Dark, the Con of Man

   4. The Chalice, the Blade, and the Bifurcation Point

   Part III. Sovereign Institutions

   5. Garveyism and Its Involutions

   6. The Sade Industry

   Part IV. Products of Mind

   7. Cartographorrhea: On Psychotic Maps

   8. Communities of Suspicion: Immanuel Velikovsky and the Laws of
   Science

   Coda: Thought from Outer Space

   Notes

   Index

Purchase

Paperback

   $29.95

Paperback

   $29.95
   About E-books

About This Book

     * Overview
     * Full Details
     * Author Bio
     * Reviews
     * Table of Contents

Related Publications

   The Frankfurt School in Exile The Frankfurt School in Exile
   Hyperobjects: Philosophy and Ecology after the End of the World
   Hyperobjects Philosophy and Ecology after the End of the World
   Does Writing Have a Future? Does Writing Have a Future?
   French Theory: How Foucault, Derrida, Deleuze, &amp; Co. Transformed the
   Intellectual Life of the United States French Theory How Foucault,
   Derrida, Deleuze, &amp; Co. Transformed the Intellectual Life of the United
   States
   Stone: An Ecology of the Inhuman Stone An Ecology of the Inhuman
   Summa Technologiae Summa Technologiae
   What Is Posthumanism? What Is Posthumanism?
   All Thoughts Are Equal: Laruelle and Nonhuman Philosophy All Thoughts
   Are Equal Laruelle and Nonhuman Philosophy
   Curiosity Studies: A New Ecology of Knowledge Curiosity Studies A New
   Ecology of Knowledge

Related News &amp; Events

   In the News

   Los Angeles Review of Books: Learning from Weirdos

   Los Angeles Review of Books: Learning from Weirdos

   Rare is the book that can make Charles Baudelaire and UFO theorists
   make sense together in a productive juxtaposition.

   Coming soon

   Disciplines

     * American Studies
     * Anthropology
     * Architecture and Design
     * Art and Performance
     * Cultural Criticism
     * Economics and Business
     * Education and Law
     * Environment
     * Film and Media
     * Geography
     * History
     * Literature
     * Minnesota and the Upper Midwest
     * Native American and Indigenous Studies
     * Political Science
     * Psychology
     * Sociology
     * Theory and Philosophy

   © 2011-2016 University of Minnesota Press | Privacy Policy | The
   University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer.
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-39">
<text>
   Encyclopedia Britannica
   Search Britannica ____________________ (BUTTON) (BUTTON) Click here to
   search
   (BUTTON) Browse (BUTTON) Dictionary Quizzes Money
   Encyclopedia Britannica
   Subscribe
   Subscribe
   (BUTTON) Login

     * Entertainment &amp; Pop Culture
     * Geography &amp; Travel
     * Health &amp; Medicine
     * Lifestyles &amp; Social Issues
     * Literature
     * Philosophy &amp; Religion
     * Politics, Law &amp; Government
     * Science
     * Sports &amp; Recreation
     * Technology
     * Visual Arts
     * World History

     * On This Day in History
     * Quizzes
     * Podcasts
     * Dictionary
     * Biographies
     * Summaries
     * Top Questions
     * Week In Review
     * Infographics
     * Demystified
     * Lists
     * #WTFact
     * Companions
     * Image Galleries
     * Spotlight
     * The Forum
     * One Good Fact

     * Entertainment &amp; Pop Culture
     * Geography &amp; Travel
     * Health &amp; Medicine
     * Lifestyles &amp; Social Issues
     * Literature
     * Philosophy &amp; Religion
     * Politics, Law &amp; Government
     * Science
     * Sports &amp; Recreation
     * Technology
     * Visual Arts
     * World History

     * Britannica Classics
       Check out these retro videos from Encyclopedia Britannica’s
       archives.
     * Demystified Videos
       In Demystified, Britannica has all the answers to your burning
       questions.
     * #WTFact Videos
       In #WTFact Britannica shares some of the most bizarre facts we can
       find.
     * This Time in History
       In these videos, find out what happened this month (or any month!)
       in history.
     * Britannica Explains
       In these videos, Britannica explains a variety of topics and
       answers frequently asked questions.

     * Student Portal
       Britannica is the ultimate student resource for key school subjects
       like history, government, literature, and more.
     * COVID-19 Portal
       While this global health crisis continues to evolve, it can be
       useful to look to past pandemics to better understand how to
       respond today.
     * 100 Women
       Britannica celebrates the centennial of the Nineteenth Amendment,
       highlighting suffragists and history-making politicians.
     * Britannica Beyond
       We’ve created a new place where questions are at the center of
       learning. Go ahead. Ask. We won’t mind.
     * Saving Earth
       Britannica Presents Earth’s To-Do List for the 21st Century. Learn
       about the major environmental problems facing our planet and what
       can be done about them!
     * SpaceNext50
       Britannica presents SpaceNext50, From the race to the Moon to space
       stewardship, we explore a wide range of subjects that feed our
       curiosity about space!

   outsider art
   (BUTTON) Table of Contents
   outsider art
   (BUTTON)
     * Introduction
     * Definition of terms
     * History and characteristics

   Fast Facts
     * Facts &amp; Related Content

   More
     * More Articles On This Topic
     * Additional Reading
     * Contributors
     * Article History

   (BUTTON)
   Home Visual Arts

outsider art

   (BUTTON) Actions
   (BUTTON) Cite
   verifiedCite
   While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there
   may be some discrepancies. Please refer to the appropriate style manual
   or other sources if you have any questions.
   Select Citation Style
   [MLA____________________]
   (BUTTON) Copy Citation
   (BUTTON) Share
   Share
   Share to social media
   Facebook Twitter
   URL
   https://www.britannica.com/art/outsider-art
   (BUTTON) Give Feedback
   (BUTTON) External Websites
   Feedback
   Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to
   improve this article (requires login).
   Feedback Type [Select a type (Required)___]
   Your Feedback
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   (BUTTON) Submit Feedback
   Thank you for your feedback

   Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to
   revise the article.
   External Websites
     * Art Encyclopedia - Outsider Art

   (BUTTON) Print
   print Print
   Please select which sections you would like to print:
     * [ ] Table Of Contents

   Print
   (BUTTON) Cite
   verifiedCite
   While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there
   may be some discrepancies. Please refer to the appropriate style manual
   or other sources if you have any questions.
   Select Citation Style
   [MLA____________________]
   (BUTTON) Copy Citation
   (BUTTON) Share
   Share
   Share to social media
   Facebook Twitter
   URL
   https://www.britannica.com/art/outsider-art
   (BUTTON) Feedback (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) External Websites
   Feedback
   Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to
   improve this article (requires login).
   Feedback Type [Select a type (Required)___]
   Your Feedback
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   (BUTTON) Submit Feedback
   Thank you for your feedback

   Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to
   revise the article.
   External Websites
     * Art Encyclopedia - Outsider Art

   Alternate titles: modern primitive art
   By Colin Rhodes Article History
   (BUTTON) Table of Contents

   Key People:
          Roger Brown (BUTTON) ...(Show more)

   Related Topics:
          the arts (BUTTON) ...(Show more)

   See all related content →

   outsider art, synonymous until the 1980s with art brut, any work of art
   produced by an untrained idiosyncratic artist who is typically
   unconnected to the conventional art world—not by choice but by
   circumstance. The “classic” figures of outsider art were socially or
   culturally marginal figures. They were usually undereducated; they
   almost invariably embraced unconventional views of the world, sometimes
   alien to the prevailing dominant culture; and many had been diagnosed
   as mentally ill. These people nevertheless produced—out of adversity
   and with no eye on fame or fortune—substantial high-quality artistic
   oeuvres.

Definition of terms

   Outsider art goes by many names, and the definition of terms is and has
   always been controversial. One of the most famous collections of this
   art, the Collection de l’Art Brut in Lausanne, Switz., was amassed by
   the French artist Jean Dubuffet, who is commonly regarded as a
   foundational figure.

   In the 1940s Dubuffet began collecting works of art made in unusual
   contexts. He considered these more authentic than the works of trained
   artists. In particular, he was intrigued by the art of psychiatric
   patients such as Heinrich Anton Müller, Aloïse Corbaz, and Carlo
   Zinelli; spiritualist mediums such as Augustin Lesage and Madge Gill;
   and other self-taught social isolates such as Gaston Chaissac and
   Scottie Wilson. For the art they produced, Dubuffet coined the term art
   brut (“raw” or “unrefined art”). In 1949 he wrote of his coinage:

     We understand by this term works produced by persons unscathed by
     artistic culture, where mimicry plays little or no part… These
     artists derive everything…from their own depths, and not from the
     conventions of classical or fashionable art. We are witness here to
     the completely pure artistic operation, raw, brute, and entirely
     reinvented in all of its phases solely by means of the artists’ own
     impulses.

   The term outsider art was introduced into the lexicon in 1972 by
   British writer Roger Cardinal as an English-language equivalent of the
   French art brut. By the 1980s, however, the term had expanded to
   encompass a much greater range of vernacular and “marginal” arts. This
   broadening was particularly important in the United States, where a
   rich vein of art that reflected racial, religious, and localized
   histories rather than psychiatric or spiritualist ones had grown
   independently from art brut. Known successively—and at times
   concurrently—as “popular painting,” “modern primitive art,”
   “self-taught art,” and “contemporary folk art,” works from the American
   scene were first made visible and analyzed in the 1930s by Museum of
   Modern Art (MoMA) curator and WPA Federal Art Project art director
   Holger Cahill, collector Sidney Janis, and others.

   Some of the first such American artists to be identified were Horace
   Pippin, John Kane, William Edmondson, and Morris Hirshfield. Although
   none of those artists conformed to the European idea of pathological
   artists, they were viewed in much the same way—as naïfs whose creative
   strength lay in some presumed innocence and authenticity, comparable to
   the European “Sacred Heart painters” such as Séraphine Louis and Louis
   Vivin. Later those Americans would be joined by others more closely
   conforming to Dubuffet’s “brut” definition, including Joseph Yoakum,
   Minnie Evans, Bill Traylor, James Castle, and, perhaps most famous of
   all, Henry Darger, a janitor from Chicago whose more-than-15,000-page
   illustrated novel In the Realms of the Unreal came to public notice
   only after his death. Outsider art further benefited from the addition
   at the end of the 20th century of figures such as the impressive fibre
   artist Judith Scott, who had Down syndrome and was deaf; Dwight
   Mackintosh, who was cognitively disabled and began drawing after his
   release from years of confinement in psychiatric hospitals; and Roy
   Wenzel, an autistic Dutch artist who developed a distinctive approach
   to colour and visual narrative.
   Get a Britannica Premium subscription and gain access to exclusive
   content. Subscribe Now

History and characteristics

   Outsider art had its origins in the psychiatric collections of
   19th-century European psychiatric hospitals. The works in these
   collections were solicited from patients and organized for the purpose
   of medical teaching and analysis. About 1900 some psychiatrists and
   professional Modernist artists came to see such works not as medical
   evidence but as art. Two of the doctors produced early influential
   books on the subject: Swiss psychiatrist Walter Morgenthaler’s A Mental
   Patient as Artist (1921), which provided the first monograph of an
   outsider artist, Adolf Wölfli, a long-term patient whose oeuvre the
   Surrealist writer André Breton considered one of the three or four best
   of the 20th century; and the German psychiatrist and art historian Hans
   Prinzhorn’s Artistry of the Mentally Ill (1922), which became something
   of a touchstone for the Surrealists, especially Max Ernst, as well as
   for Dubuffet and subsequently many others.

   The artists Dubuffet chose to put in his category of art brut were
   socially marginalized—often denied not only their liberty but also
   their status as adults. Nevertheless, even the most distant of them—who
   were autistic or resided in other realities—did not create art out of
   nothing. For example, Wölfli and the Mexican artist Martín Ramírez, who
   had been held up as paragons of uninfluenced creativity, in fact had
   deep connections with culture outside the psychiatric hospital, both
   before and after their confinement, that were formative in their
   artwork and important aspects of its content. For other outsider
   artists, such as Howard Finster or Bill Traylor, it has long been
   agreed that content and context were uppermost in their work.
   Typically, the visual image was primarily a vehicle for the
   proselytizing and storytelling impulse of the artist.

   One of the threads connecting the groups within the outsider art
   category is the tendency of the artists to be “straight talking” (even
   if that talk is straight from a radically different worldview).
   Outsider art used to be seen as a kind of evolutionary prototype for
   much of Modernist practice, but, considered by itself, it was valued
   for its essential difference from that practice. By the early 2000s the
   work of outsiders could often look like an awkward version of what
   Dubuffet scathingly called the “usual art”—that is, the accepted and
   acceptable production of the contemporary mainstream. The confusion was
   more likely to result from “outsiderish” trends among trained artists
   than from any wish of outsiders to conform. Because outsider art tends
   to concern itself primarily with its message, the works often seemed
   more readily accessible and visually coherent to viewers than did those
   of the mainstream artists whose spaces it had begun to invade.

   While the Surrealists, according to their general practice of
   transgressing cultural boundaries, tended to show outsider art in the
   company of their own work, exhibitions of outsider art were otherwise
   restricted to specialist galleries and museums, such as the Collection
   de l’Art Brut in Lausanne, Switz.; the Aracine Musée d’Art Brut (Gagny)
   and the Musée de la Création Franche (Bègles) in France; and, in the
   United States, the American Folk Art Museum and the Galerie St.
   Etienne, both in New York City, and the Phyllis Kind Gallery in
   Chicago. Occasional outsider art exhibitions in mainstream galleries,
   such as Dubuffet’s 1967 "Art Brut" at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in
   Paris or the 1979 "Outsiders: An Art Without Precedence or Tradition"
   at the Hayward Gallery in London, only served to reinforce the sense of
   separation from the contemporary mainstream.

   A much-discussed exhibition of 2007 at the American Folk Art Museum and
   subsequently at the Milwaukee (Wis.) Art Museum showcased the work of
   Martín Ramírez (1895–1963), who worked entirely within the confines of
   the California psychiatric hospital where he was a patient for the
   greater part of his adult life. Though long known among those
   interested in outsider art, his works were thus introduced to a much
   wider U.S. audience. The New York Times described the exhibit as “one
   of the best shows of the season” and went so far as to declare Ramírez
   “one of the greatest artists of the 20th century.”

   The showing of Ramírez’s work confirmed a general move since the
   mid-1990s toward the wider acceptance of outsider art into mainstream
   galleries and museums and a recognition of its worthiness for serious
   art-world attention on its own terms. Other notable examples include
   exhibitions in 2005 at Kiasma, Helsinki’s museum of contemporary art,
   and at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. On the whole,
   however, outsider art continued to circulate among an international
   spread of specialist dealers, collectors, and galleries, and an annual
   New York Outsider Art Fair was established in 1992, attracting dealers
   from the United States, Europe, and Asia.

   A landmark exhibition of outsider, or “vernacular,” environments,
   “Sublime Spaces and Visionary Worlds,” was held in 2007–08 at the John
   Michael Kohler Arts Center in Sheboygan, Wis. Such environments are an
   important part of the range of outsider art. Often significant in size
   and invariably the result of the compulsive vision and tireless work of
   a single individual (though occasionally helped by others later on),
   they can be found the world over. The best-known early example is
   Ferdinand Cheval’s Ideal Palace (built 1879–1912) in Hauterives,
   France. Other important environments include Sabato (Simon) Rodia’s
   Watts Towers in Los Angeles, Calif., Fred Smith’s Wisconsin Concrete
   Park in Phillips, Wis., Veijo Rönkkönen’s Sculpture Park in Parikkala,
   Finland, and Nek Chand’s Rock Garden in Chandigarh, India.

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5W6NC8
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-4">
<text>
   #alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NR4PFSP

   ePaper
   Subscribe
   Newsletters
   Search
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   IFRAME: https://profile.theartnewspaper.com/sso

   Profile
   Art market
   Museums &amp; heritage
   Exhibitions
   Books
   Podcasts
   Columns
   Adventures with Van Gogh
   Russia-Ukraine war
   Subscribe
   ePaper
   Newsletters
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   Art market
   Museums &amp; heritage
   Exhibitions
   Books
   Podcasts
   Columns
   Adventures with Van Gogh
   Russia-Ukraine war

   Video, film &amp; new media
   review

Can this ‘art world outsider’ draw in an art-curious YouTube crowd?

Hosted by a science writer and actor, the Getty’s "Becoming Artsy" video
series ditches the traditional documentary delivery of art history in favour
of emotion, drama and fun

   Elena Goukassian
   30 September 2022
   Share
   A still from the first video in the Getty's Becoming Artsy video series
   showing 'art world outsider' Jessie Hendricks Courtesy of J. Paul Getty
   Museum A still from the first video in the Getty's Becoming Artsy video
   series showing 'art world outsider' Jessie Hendricks Courtesy of J.
   Paul Getty Museum

   A still from the first video in the Getty's Becoming Artsy video series
   showing 'art world outsider' Jessie Hendricks Courtesy of J. Paul Getty
   Museum

   “Hi, I’m Jessie. I’m a sciencey math kind of person, and yet, I work at
   the Getty—famous for its art and culture.” So begins each ten-minute
   episode of the J. Paul Getty Trust’s light-hearted YouTube video series
   Becoming Artsy.

   The initiative was launched a year ago as an introduction to the Los
   Angeles-based organisation’s museum, research institute and gardens. In
   its newly released second series, it has morphed into a programme that
   promotes learning about art through the lenses of science and history,
   with recent episodes including topics such as jousting and human
   anatomy.

   The goal is to make the Getty (and the art world in general) less
   intimidating for people who do not know much about art but are curious
   to learn. As a science writer and actor with little knowledge of art
   history, Jessie Hendricks, the series host, is “becoming artsy” along
   with her audience.

   The series is the brainchild of Christopher Sprinkle, the lead creative
   producer at the Getty, who had grown increasingly frustrated with
   making YouTube explainers alongside the Getty’s curators and staff.
   While being extremely knowledgeable, his expert interviewees were often
   not comfortable in front of the camera. “It was like pulling teeth
   trying to get emotion and drama out of them,” Sprinkle says.

   That is how he got the idea of hiring a host who could “lighten the air
   and ask questions in a way that people without a background in art
   history could relate to”. Hendricks says: “They wanted a host not
   afraid to ask the simple questions, like, who’s Ed Ruscha? I did ask
   that question.”
   [yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7]
   [8984cb7cb7dc8e13a4a799520199f92d93d5d6a6-2667x1500.jpg?w=1920&amp;amp;h=10
   80&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;auto=format]

   Hands on: some of the highlights from season two of Becoming Artsy
   include (clockwise from top left) making ultramarine blue from lapis
   lazuli, zooming in on medieval calligraphy, the shieldwork physics of
   jousting, and working out what the past actually looked like Courtesy
   of J. Paul Getty Museum

   Hendricks is not only the host of the series but also the writer,
   producer and—most of the time—cameraperson. (She calls herself a
   “one-man-band content creator”.) She and Sprinkle work together on the
   series, but after the first couple of introductory episodes, he gave
   her free rein to explore any topic she wanted, wrangling curators and
   asking fellow staff members for suggestions in the process. “I’ve been
   fortunate to craft the episodes to my interests and follow my
   instincts,” she says. Both she and Sprinkle are particularly
   enthusiastic about a recent episode in which she and Getty staff make
   ultramarine pigment from scratch, just as artists did during the
   Renaissance.

   Becoming Artsy is an unusual YouTube series for an art museum, and not
   just because it is hosted by an art outsider. While other museum videos
   focus on specific works in their collections and film using what
   Sprinkle calls a “traditional documentary style”, the Getty’s series is
   more hands-on. In an episode on jousting, for instance, Hendricks and
   Larisa Grollemond, a curator in the manuscripts department, drive more
   than an hour north of LA to take a jousting class together while
   discussing the history of the sport and its depiction in Medieval
   manuscripts.

   When asked which videos inspired the feel of Becoming Artsy, Hendricks
   and Sprinkle cite history and science series more than those about art.
   Hendricks is a fan of Physics Girl, Raven the Science Maven, and The
   Brain Scoop from the Field Museum in Chicago. They both mention the
   explainers from the US media company Vox as some of their favourite
   videos.

     They wanted a host not afraid to ask the simple questions, like
     who’s Ed Ruscha? I did ask that question

   Jessie Hendricks, YouTube series host

   Sprinkle says in his original pitch for Becoming Artsy, he used the
   example of a 2017 video on Stonehenge by Vox producer Joss Fong, in
   which she explains the history and significance of the prehistoric
   monument while making a scale model of it on her living room floor. He
   liked how “anti-stock footage” and “conversational” it felt. In the
   first episode of Becoming Artsy, Hendricks sits on the floor of her
   porch and tiles a surface while talking about the Getty Villa.
   [yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7]
   [0e6382c988828736c89294f7b4bb92923103d7d1-1600x900.jpg?w=1920&amp;amp;h=108
   0&amp;amp;fit=crop&amp;amp;auto=format]

   A still from the first episode of Becoming Artsy where the host Jessie
   Hendricks sits on the floor tiling while explaining about the Getty
   Villa Courtesy of J. Paul Getty Museum

   It is clear from the videos that the Getty staff are having a great
   time and, although some moments come off as twee, it is all part of the
   appeal. “We want to counter the impression that the Getty is an elitist
   organisation,” says Sprinkle. “I want us to make content that both my
   mum and my daughter would want to watch.”

   Casting a wide net is the reason behind hosting a video series on
   YouTube in the first place. “It’s the largest searched site on the
   internet after Google, and an incredible way to reach audiences around
   the world,” Sprinkle points out.

   According to Hendricks, Becoming Artsy has been viewed in more than 50
   countries, with the two main audiences being the US and the UK. The
   first episode, released on 5 October 2021, currently has the most views
   —almost 10,000. One titled A Beginner’s Guide to Appreciating Art comes
   in second with more than 7,000 views. “The priority is to attract new
   audiences, those who might be art-curious,” Hendricks says. And not
   just to the Getty, but to any art museum in the world.

   • Becoming Artsy is a free series available on YouTube
   Video, film &amp; new mediaMediaReviewGetty Center YouTubeMedia &amp;
   broadcastArt historyArt education
   Share

   IFRAME:
   https://profile.theartnewspaper.com/access-allowed?categoryId=1&amp;content
   _url=https://www.theartnewspaper.com/2022/09/30/can-this-art-world-outs
   ider-drawn-in-an-art-curious-youtube-crowd&amp;channel=paywall

   Subscribe to The Art Newspaper’s digital newsletter for your daily
   digest of essential news, views and analysis from the international art
   world delivered directly to your inbox.
   Newsletter sign-up
   Information
   About
   Contact
   Cookie policy
   Privacy policy
   Terms and conditions
   Advertise
   Sister Papers
   Sponsorship policy
   Follow us
   Facebook
   Instagram
   Twitter
   YouTube
   LinkedIn
   © The Art Newspaper
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-40">
<text>
    #Artsy

   Skip to Main Content

   Sign Up
   Log In
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search
   Buy
   SellPrice Database
   Editorial
   (BUTTON)
   Log In
   (BUTTON)
   Sign Up
   (BUTTON) Menu
   (BUTTON) Artists (BUTTON) ArtworksAuctionsViewing
   RoomsGalleriesFairsShowsMuseums
   (BUTTON) Download App

Self-Taught, Folk, and Outsider Art

   (BUTTON)
   Following
   Follow

About

   While many artists throughout the history of art have received formal
   training in art practice and making, this is by no means the case for
   all artists. For various reasons, including lack of access due to race,
   class, and/or gender, in addition to factors such as physical, mental,
   and developmental disabilities as well as cultural norms, numerous
   artists have established art practices without a formal art education.
   While much has been written about the so-called “naïveté” and
   child-like spontaneity of self-taught, folk, and Outsider artists, a
   new wave of scholarship is emerging that sheds light on these artist’s
   innovations, mastery, and contributions to art history.

Related Categories

   Graffiti and Street Art, Drawing, Bright and Vivid Colors, Faux Naïf,
   Cultural Commentary, Mixed-Media, Pop and Contemporary Pop, Figurative
   Art, Human Figure, 21st Century

Related Artists

   Henry Darger, Thornton Dial, Lonnie Holley, Sam Doyle, James Castle,
   Carlo Zinelli, Aloïse Corbaz, Tito Zungu, Rubem Valentim, Forrest Bess
   (BUTTON)
   Filter
   Sort:
   [Default_____________]
   26,557 Artworks:
   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤, ‘Message-2022-3’, 2022
   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤
   (BUTTON) Save
   Message-2022-3, 2022
   Artflow
   US$20,000–US$22,000
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline, ‘Four Corners’, 2022
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline
   (BUTTON) Save
   Four Corners, 2022
   Marrow Gallery
   US$11,000
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri, ‘untitled’, ca. 2020
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri
   (BUTTON) Save
   untitled, ca. 2020
   Wentworth Galleries
   US$54,950–US$60,445
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Arrival’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Arrival, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Helium Heart at the State Fair’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Helium Heart at the State Fair, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$7,900
   Niclas Castello, ‘Melted Sun’, 2017
   Niclas Castello
   (BUTTON) Save
   Melted Sun, 2017
   HG Contemporary
   US$38,000
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Soul’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Soul, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   C215, ‘Baby Yoda’, 2021
   C215
   (BUTTON) Save
   Baby Yoda, 2021
   Signature Fine Art
   US$900
   Clara Berta, ‘Magical Way’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Magical Way, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,800
   Purvis Young, ‘(Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   Banksy, ‘Choose Your Weapon’, 2010
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Choose Your Weapon, 2010
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £85,000–£105,000
   Purvis Young, ‘(Angel with Red Carpet)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Angel with Red Carpet), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Electric Jimi’, 2021
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Electric Jimi, 2021
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,400
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Just A Game’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Just A Game, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,900
   Anna Laurini, ‘Sweet Couple (him)’, 2022
   Anna Laurini
   (BUTTON) Save
   Sweet Couple (him), 2022
   The Rah Gallery
   £950
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Vice’, 2021
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Vice, 2021
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   RoamCouch, ‘Emotional Rain’, 2013
   RoamCouch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Emotional Rain, 2013
   The Rah Gallery
   £4,600
   Amber Goldhammer, ‘Lost in the Tide Pools’, 2022
   Amber Goldhammer
   (BUTTON) Save
   Lost in the Tide Pools, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,500
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Mustache Ride’, 2022
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Mustache Ride, 2022
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   JonOne, ‘Tears On Fires’, 2021
   JonOne
   (BUTTON) Save
   Tears On Fires, 2021
   Step Creation
   €33,000
   Paul Insect, ‘Eyes on Wood I’, 2019
   Paul Insect
   (BUTTON) Save
   Eyes on Wood I, 2019
   Jonathan LeVine Projects
   US$18,000–US$21,000
   Banksy, ‘Trolleys Colour’, 2007
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Trolleys Colour, 2007
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £30,000–£40,000
   Clara Berta, ‘Morning Sun’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Morning Sun, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$6,600
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Queen Bee’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Queen Bee, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   David Matthew King, ‘Untitled (D9)’, 2019
   David Matthew King
   (BUTTON) Save
   Untitled (D9), 2019
   The Dot Project
   £4,500–£5,500
   Emma Larsson, ‘Woman Figure V’, 2022
   Emma Larsson
   (BUTTON) Save
   Woman Figure V, 2022
   Simard Bilodeau Contemporary
   US$1,700
   REWA, ‘Unapologetic Indulgence’, 2022
   REWA
   (BUTTON) Save
   Unapologetic Indulgence, 2022
   Jonathan Ferrara Gallery
   US$10,000
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye, ‘My Country Bush Yam’, 1990s
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye
   (BUTTON) Save
   My Country Bush Yam, 1990s
   Tishu Gallery
   US$60,000
   Anthony Lister, ‘Man’, 2020
   Anthony Lister
   (BUTTON) Save
   Man, 2020
   StolenSpace Gallery
   £655
   Purvis Young, ‘FINAL VOYAGE’, ca. 1995
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   FINAL VOYAGE, ca. 1995
   Gallery Art
   US$4,500

   Prev
   1234
   …
   100
   Next
   Filter by
   26,557 Artworks:
   Sort:
   [Default_____________]
   (BUTTON)
   Keyword Search
   Reveal less
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   Artists
   Reveal less
   Artists You Follow (0)
   AKET
   Adam Neate
   Andre Brasilier
   Angela Rogers
   Angkasapura
   Anna Zemánková
   (BUTTON)
   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Rarity
   Reveal less
   Unique
   Limited Edition
   Open Edition

   Unknown Edition

   (BUTTON)
   Medium
   Reveal less
   Painting
   Photography
   Prints

   Sculpture

   Work on Paper

   Drawing

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Price
   Reveal less
   Min
   ____________________
   $USD
   Max
   ____________________
   $USD
   $0
   $50000+

   (BUTTON)
   Size
   Reveal less
   This is based on the artwork’s average dimension.
   cm
   in
   Small (under 40cm)
   Medium (40 – 100cm)
   Large (over 100cm)

   (BUTTON)

   Show custom size

   (BUTTON)
   Ways to Buy
   Reveal less
   Purchase
   Make Offer
   Bid

   Contact Gallery

   (BUTTON)
   Material
   Reveal less
   ____________________
   Acrylic
   Aluminum

   Aquatint

   Arches paper

   Art paper

   Blown glass

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Artist Nationality or Ethnicity
   Reveal less
   ____________________
   Algerian
   American

   Angolan

   Argentine

   Australian

   Austrian

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Artwork Location
   Reveal less
   ____________________
   Albuquerque, NM, USA
   Antwerp, Belgium

   Asbury Park, NJ, USA

   Atlanta, GA, USA

   Aventura, FL, USA

   Barcelona, Spain

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Time Period
   Reveal less
   2020s
   2010s
   2000s

   1990s

   1980s

   1970s

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Color
   Reveal less
   Red
   Orange
   Yellow

   Green

   Blue

   Purple

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   (BUTTON)
   Galleries and Institutions
   Reveal less
   ____________________
   193 Gallery
   A. Hurd Gallery

   ABRA

   AND COLLECTION CONTEMPORARY ART

   ANNO DOMINI

   ART SHOW INTERNATIONAL GALLERY

   (BUTTON)

   Show more

   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤, ‘Message-2022-3’, 2022
   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤
   (BUTTON) Save
   Message-2022-3, 2022
   Artflow
   US$20,000–US$22,000
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline, ‘Four Corners’, 2022
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline
   (BUTTON) Save
   Four Corners, 2022
   Marrow Gallery
   US$11,000
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri, ‘untitled’, ca. 2020
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri
   (BUTTON) Save
   untitled, ca. 2020
   Wentworth Galleries
   US$54,950–US$60,445
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Arrival’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Arrival, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Helium Heart at the State Fair’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Helium Heart at the State Fair, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$7,900
   Niclas Castello, ‘Melted Sun’, 2017
   Niclas Castello
   (BUTTON) Save
   Melted Sun, 2017
   HG Contemporary
   US$38,000
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Soul’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Soul, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   C215, ‘Baby Yoda’, 2021
   C215
   (BUTTON) Save
   Baby Yoda, 2021
   Signature Fine Art
   US$900
   Clara Berta, ‘Magical Way’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Magical Way, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,800
   Purvis Young, ‘(Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   Banksy, ‘Choose Your Weapon’, 2010
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Choose Your Weapon, 2010
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £85,000–£105,000
   Purvis Young, ‘(Angel with Red Carpet)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Angel with Red Carpet), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Electric Jimi’, 2021
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Electric Jimi, 2021
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,400
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Just A Game’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Just A Game, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,900
   Anna Laurini, ‘Sweet Couple (him)’, 2022
   Anna Laurini
   (BUTTON) Save
   Sweet Couple (him), 2022
   The Rah Gallery
   £950
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Vice’, 2021
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Vice, 2021
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   RoamCouch, ‘Emotional Rain’, 2013
   RoamCouch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Emotional Rain, 2013
   The Rah Gallery
   £4,600
   Amber Goldhammer, ‘Lost in the Tide Pools’, 2022
   Amber Goldhammer
   (BUTTON) Save
   Lost in the Tide Pools, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,500
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Mustache Ride’, 2022
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Mustache Ride, 2022
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   JonOne, ‘Tears On Fires’, 2021
   JonOne
   (BUTTON) Save
   Tears On Fires, 2021
   Step Creation
   €33,000
   Paul Insect, ‘Eyes on Wood I’, 2019
   Paul Insect
   (BUTTON) Save
   Eyes on Wood I, 2019
   Jonathan LeVine Projects
   US$18,000–US$21,000
   Banksy, ‘Trolleys Colour’, 2007
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Trolleys Colour, 2007
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £30,000–£40,000
   Clara Berta, ‘Morning Sun’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Morning Sun, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$6,600
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Queen Bee’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Queen Bee, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   David Matthew King, ‘Untitled (D9)’, 2019
   David Matthew King
   (BUTTON) Save
   Untitled (D9), 2019
   The Dot Project
   £4,500–£5,500
   Emma Larsson, ‘Woman Figure V’, 2022
   Emma Larsson
   (BUTTON) Save
   Woman Figure V, 2022
   Simard Bilodeau Contemporary
   US$1,700
   REWA, ‘Unapologetic Indulgence’, 2022
   REWA
   (BUTTON) Save
   Unapologetic Indulgence, 2022
   Jonathan Ferrara Gallery
   US$10,000
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye, ‘My Country Bush Yam’, 1990s
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye
   (BUTTON) Save
   My Country Bush Yam, 1990s
   Tishu Gallery
   US$60,000
   Anthony Lister, ‘Man’, 2020
   Anthony Lister
   (BUTTON) Save
   Man, 2020
   StolenSpace Gallery
   £655
   Purvis Young, ‘FINAL VOYAGE’, ca. 1995
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   FINAL VOYAGE, ca. 1995
   Gallery Art
   US$4,500
   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤, ‘Message-2022-3’, 2022
   SEUNG-YOON CHOI 최승윤
   (BUTTON) Save
   Message-2022-3, 2022
   Artflow
   US$20,000–US$22,000
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri, ‘untitled’, ca. 2020
   Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri
   (BUTTON) Save
   untitled, ca. 2020
   Wentworth Galleries
   US$54,950–US$60,445
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Mustache Ride’, 2022
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Mustache Ride, 2022
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   JonOne, ‘Tears On Fires’, 2021
   JonOne
   (BUTTON) Save
   Tears On Fires, 2021
   Step Creation
   €33,000
   Banksy, ‘Trolleys Colour’, 2007
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Trolleys Colour, 2007
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £30,000–£40,000
   C215, ‘Baby Yoda’, 2021
   C215
   (BUTTON) Save
   Baby Yoda, 2021
   Signature Fine Art
   US$900
   Purvis Young, ‘(Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Opened Mouth Angel with Striped Slats), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   REWA, ‘Unapologetic Indulgence’, 2022
   REWA
   (BUTTON) Save
   Unapologetic Indulgence, 2022
   Jonathan Ferrara Gallery
   US$10,000
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Electric Jimi’, 2021
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Electric Jimi, 2021
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,400
   Anna Laurini, ‘Sweet Couple (him)’, 2022
   Anna Laurini
   (BUTTON) Save
   Sweet Couple (him), 2022
   The Rah Gallery
   £950
   RoamCouch, ‘Emotional Rain’, 2013
   RoamCouch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Emotional Rain, 2013
   The Rah Gallery
   £4,600
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Arrival’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Arrival, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   Paul Insect, ‘Eyes on Wood I’, 2019
   Paul Insect
   (BUTTON) Save
   Eyes on Wood I, 2019
   Jonathan LeVine Projects
   US$18,000–US$21,000
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Soul’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Soul, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   David Matthew King, ‘Untitled (D9)’, 2019
   David Matthew King
   (BUTTON) Save
   Untitled (D9), 2019
   The Dot Project
   £4,500–£5,500
   Banksy, ‘Choose Your Weapon’, 2010
   Banksy
   (BUTTON) Save
   Choose Your Weapon, 2010
   Castle Gallery Ltd
   £85,000–£105,000
   Purvis Young, ‘(Angel with Red Carpet)’, 1980-1990
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   (Angel with Red Carpet), 1980-1990
   Hirschl &amp; Adler
   US$12,000
   Purvis Young, ‘FINAL VOYAGE’, ca. 1995
   Purvis Young
   (BUTTON) Save
   FINAL VOYAGE, ca. 1995
   Gallery Art
   US$4,500
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Vice’, 2021
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Vice, 2021
   MRG Fine Art
   US$22,500
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline, ‘Four Corners’, 2022
   Kimia Ferdowsi Kline
   (BUTTON) Save
   Four Corners, 2022
   Marrow Gallery
   US$11,000
   Amber Goldhammer, ‘Lost in the Tide Pools’, 2022
   Amber Goldhammer
   (BUTTON) Save
   Lost in the Tide Pools, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,500
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Helium Heart at the State Fair’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Helium Heart at the State Fair, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$7,900
   Niclas Castello, ‘Melted Sun’, 2017
   Niclas Castello
   (BUTTON) Save
   Melted Sun, 2017
   HG Contemporary
   US$38,000
   Clara Berta, ‘Morning Sun’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Morning Sun, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$6,600
   Dominic J. Lopez, ‘Queen Bee’, 2020
   Dominic J. Lopez
   (BUTTON) Save
   Queen Bee, 2020
   MRG Fine Art
   US$69,500
   Clara Berta, ‘Magical Way’, 2022
   Clara Berta
   (BUTTON) Save
   Magical Way, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$4,800
   Emma Larsson, ‘Woman Figure V’, 2022
   Emma Larsson
   (BUTTON) Save
   Woman Figure V, 2022
   Simard Bilodeau Contemporary
   US$1,700
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye, ‘My Country Bush Yam’, 1990s
   Emily Kame Kngwarreye
   (BUTTON) Save
   My Country Bush Yam, 1990s
   Tishu Gallery
   US$60,000
   Anthony Lister, ‘Man’, 2020
   Anthony Lister
   (BUTTON) Save
   Man, 2020
   StolenSpace Gallery
   £655
   Jonas Fisch, ‘Just A Game’, 2022
   Jonas Fisch
   (BUTTON) Save
   Just A Game, 2022
   Artspace Warehouse
   US$3,900

   Prev
   1234
   …
   100
   Next

   Get the Artsy app
   Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play
   Jenna Gribbon, Luncheon on the grass, a recurring dream, 2020. Jenna
   Gribbon, April studio, parting glance, 2021. Jenna Gribbon, Silver
   Tongue, 2019

   About us
   AboutJobsPressContact
   Resources
   Open SourceBlogThe Art Genome Project
   Partnerships
   Artsy for GalleriesArtsy for MuseumsArtsy for AuctionsArtsy for Fairs
   Support
   Talk to a SpecialistArt AppraisalsVisit our Help CenterBuying on Artsy
   Get the App
   iOS AppAndroid App
   © 2023 Artsy
   Terms of UsePrivacy PolicySecurityConditions of SaleACA Seller’s
   AgreementBuyer Guarantee (BUTTON) Do not sell my personal information
   © 2023 Artsy
   Terms of UsePrivacy PolicySecurityConditions of SaleACA Seller’s
   AgreementBuyer Guarantee (BUTTON) Do not sell my personal information
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-5">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-6">
<text>
    #Cat Crave » Matt Rhule named as lively outsider for open college
   coaching vacancy Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KXFQXHB

   Cat Crave

Cat Crave

   [ ]

     * [ ]
       News
       News

     * Draft
     * Free Agency

     Roster

     [ ]
   All-Time Lists
   All-Time Lists
     * Ultimate Panthers 53-man roster
     * All-time greatest Panthers

     Rumors

     Power Rankings

     NFC South

     About
     * [ ] MoreMore

     * Write for us
     * Facebook
     * Twitter

   (Bob Donnan-USA TODAY Sports) Matt Rhule

   (Bob Donnan-USA TODAY Sports) Matt Rhule
   Ranking the 10 best Panthers players from the first quarter of 2022 by
   Dean Jones
   4 offseason moves already proving costly for the Panthers in 2022 by
   Dean Jones

   Panthers Rumors

Matt Rhule named as lively outsider for open college coaching vacancy

   by Dean Jones 2 months ago Follow @DeanJones_
     * Tweet
     * Share
     * x
     * Pin
     * Comment

   Carolina Panthers head coach Matt Rhule has been named as a lively
   outside for a recently opened college football coaching vacancy.

   Until Matt Rhule turns the Carolina Panthers around, his name will
   either be in the firing line or linked with college vacancies.

   The former Baylor man might have a strong reputation for building
   programs back to relevancy. But this hasn’t translated to an NFL
   franchise yet and something that has many projecting his name to be the
   first removed in the ever-changing coaching cycle.

   Based on what’s transpired since Rhule took over from Ron Rivera in
   2020, he might be better suited to the collegiate ranks. The NFL isn’t
   for anybody, with many failing to make the jump before David Tepper
   shelled out $62 million to keep his guy out of the New York Giants’
   grasp.

   Rhule remains defiant despite Carolina’s complete lack of form. One win
   in 10 games and 24 straight defeats when an opposing team scores more
   than 17 points is a damning indictment of his ability to adjust and the
   constant change of quarterbacks hasn’t done him any favors, either.

Matt Rhule named as lively outside for vacant Wisconsin job

   When asked about his job status following the Panthers’ loss against
   the Arizona Cardinals, Rhule didn’t indicate anything had changed
   regarding Tepper’s unwavering support. However, the tipping point might
   not be too much further away given the tough stretch of games upcoming
   for the Panthers, which means things could get even worse in the coming
   weeks.

   The head coach didn’t disclose whether or not he had received offers to
   return to college. Rhule knows the job is far from finished in
   Carolina, but there could come a time when he needs to start thinking
   about reputation self-preservation in the wake of some glaring media
   criticism.

   One recent opening sees Wisconsin looking for a new man at the helm
   after parting ways with Paul Chryst. Although Rhule doesn’t appear
   willing to leave the Panthers right now, that hasn’t stopped him from
   being named as a lively outsider for the role.

   The recent odds on who’ll replace Chryst on bookies.com has Rhule at
   +3000 to take over at the Badgers. This places him as the eighth
   favorite to secure the job, meaning it’s unlikely but not entirely out
   of the question.

   Whether this is something Tepper is waiting for is also something to
   consider. Giving up a substantial sum to end this experiment short
   would likely sting, so waiting around for a college program to pick up
   the tab instead seems like a win-win for the billionaire.

   That probably won’t help Carolina’s chances of immediate progression.
   Rhule might also be waiting around for a more prominent school to call
   in pursuit of salvaging his reputation.

   Rhule seems likable. Even if he appears in way over his head at the
   next level.

   The same tendencies that brought Baylor and Temple back to prominence
   haven’t rubbed off positively on grown men at the peak of their powers.
   But everyone does appear to be pulling in the same direction despite
   having little to celebrate over the last three years.

   Frustrations are also growing to a breaking point within the fanbase,
   which has the scope to impact Tepper’s bottom line. If Rhule went to
   the college ranks without being pushed, then this would arguably solve
   a lot of problems for everyone involved if things continue trending on
   a downward curve.
   [https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.fansided.com%2Flogos%2Fnfl%2Fpanthers__108x108.png]
   Must Read

Predicting the Carolina Panthers next five games after 1-3 start in 2022

   Read now >gt;>gt;

   Top Stories
     * Cat Crave 2 months6 quarterbacks the Carolina Panthers must monitor
       for 2023
     *
     * BetSided 2 monthsBobby Taylor Weighs in on Eagles' Chances to Go
       Undefeated, Jalen Hurts, Notre Dame's Turnaround
     * Cat Crave 3 months4 teams that could trade for Carolina Panthers WR
       Terrace Marshall Jr.
     * Cat Crave 3 monthsIs it time for the Carolina Panthers to trade
       Terrace Marshall Jr.?
     * Cat Crave 3 months5 free agents that could help the Panthers
       immediately after 1-2 start

   logo

Newsletter

   Carolina Panthers news from FanSided Daily
   ____________________ Sign up, it's FREE

   logo

Your Carolina Panthers.
Your Inbox. Every Day.

   Build your custom FanSided Daily email newsletter with news and
   analysis on Carolina Panthers and all your favorite sports teams, TV
   shows, and more.
   ____________________ Sign up, it's FREE

   FanSided.com

About

     * About
     * Openings
     * Swag
     * Contact

Stay Connected

     * Our 300+ Sites
     * Mobile Apps
     * FanSided Daily
     * Pitch a Story

Legal

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Cookie Policy
     * Legal Disclaimer
     * Accessibility Statement
     * EU Data Subject Requests
     * Consent Preferences
     * Do Not Sell My Data
     * Cookie Settings

Download our mobile apps

   Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile
   devices.
   Download the FanSided iPhone App Download the FanSided Android App

   © 2023 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is
   for entertainment and educational purposes only. All advice, including
   picks and predictions, is based on individual commentators’ opinions
   and not that of Minute Media or its related brands. All picks and
   predictions are suggestions only. No one should expect to make money
   from the picks and predictions discussed on this website. For more
   information, please read our Legal Disclaimer. If you or someone you
   know has a gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.

   FanSided
     * FanSided.com
     * Our 300+ FanSided Sites

     * Tweet
     * Share
     * Pin

   ' Search for: ' ____________________ (BUTTON) Search

   FanSided
     * FanSided.com
     * Our 300+ FanSided Sites
     * About/Contact
          + About FanSided
          + Our 300+ Sites
          + Newsletter
          + Mobile Apps
          + Openings
          + Pitch a Story
          + Swag
          + Privacy Policy
          + Terms of Use
          + Cookie Policy
          + Legal Disclaimer
          + Accessibility
          + EU Data Subject Requests
          + Consent Preferences
          + Do Not Sell My Data
          + Cookie Settings
          + Contact

     * About FanSided
     * Our 300+ Sites
     * Newsletter
     * Mobile Apps
     * Openings
     * Pitch a Story
     * Swag

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Cookie Policy
     * Legal Disclaimer
     * Accessibility
     * EU Data Subject Requests
     * Consent Preferences
     * Do Not Sell My Data
     * Cookie Settings
     * Contact

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Youtube
     * iOS App
     * Android App
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-7">
<text>
   #POLITICO » Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MLNH8XV

   [tr?id=394368290733607&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

   Monday, January 2, 2023
     * EU
     * UK
     * US

     * POLITICO Live
          + About POLITICO Live
          + Upcoming Events
     * More Info
          + About Us
          + Media Solutions
          + Content Studio
          + Press
          + Print Edition
          + Contact Us
          + Jobs
          + Careers at POLITICO

   (BUTTON) Primary Menu
   Politico Pro
   Sign up to newsletters (BUTTON) Sign In

   Search for: ____________________ (BUTTON) Submit
   Politico Pro
     * (BUTTON) Explore
     * (BUTTON) Newsletters &amp; podcasts

     * Featured Sections
          + Brussels
          + France
          + Germany
          + Britain
          + Coronavirus in Europe
          + Migration
          + Elections in Europe
          + Defense
          + Foreign Policy
          + Poll of Polls
          + Continent
          + EU-China
          + EU Recovery Plan
          + Italian election 2022
          + Special Reports
     * Policy Areas
          + Agriculture and Food
          + Competition and Industrial Policy
          + Cybersecurity and Data Protection
          + Energy and Climate
          + EU-UK
          + Financial Services
          + Health Care
          + Mobility
          + Sustainability
          + Technology
          + Trade
          + Trade UK
     * Featured Series
          + POLITICO 28 Series
          + Global Policy Lab
          + Climate, Changed
          + Work Reloaded
          + Silent Killers
          + After Corona
          + The Road to COP26
          + Telescope: AIDS
          + EU in Africa
          + Changemakers
          + The wonk's survival guide to the EU Green Deal
     * Commentary
          + Unpacked
          + Beyond The Bubble
          + From Across the Pond
          + Club Med
          + Declassified

POLITICO Live

     * See all future events
     * See all past events
     * About POLITICO Live

Editions

     * EU Edition
     * U.K. Edition
     * U.S. Edition

Publications

     * Print Edition

     * Newsletters
          + Brussels Playbook
          + London Playbook
          + Playbook Paris
          + Sunday Crunch
          + Berlin Bulletin
          + London Influence
          + EU Influence
          + Digital Bridge
          + China Direct
          + Politico Confidential
          + Global Policy Lab: Living Cities
     * Podcasts
          + EU Confidential
          + Westminster Insider
          + Campaign Confidential
          + Davos Confidential
     * our apps
          + POLITICO Pro app Play Store
          + POLITICO Pro app App Store
     * Social Links
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + LinkedIn

Discover POLITICO Pro

   In-depth reporting, data and actionable intelligence for policy
   professionals – all in one place.

What is POLITICO Pro?

Policy areas

Our Pro coverage

Request a demo

Contact us

   Hot Topics
     * Qatargate
     * War in Ukraine
     * France
     * Living Cities
     * POLITICO 28

   Politico Pro Free From

‘Panicked’ Truss abandons plan to hire outsider to shake-up Treasury

   British PM picks Treasury veteran James Bowler in last minute U-turn,
   even after Antonia Romeo was offered the job.
   European Political Community (EPC) Holds Inaugural Meeting
   British Prime Minister Liz Truss | Pooled photo by Alastair Grant/Getty
   Images
   By Tim Ross and Esther Webber
   October 10, 2022 11:58 am CET
     * Share on Facebook
     * Share on Twitter
     * Share on Linkedin
     * Share on WhatsApp
     * Mail
     * Print

   Prime Minister Liz Truss has ditched her plan to hire a dynamic senior
   official to shake-up the Treasury and lead a sweeping overhaul of U.K.
   economic policy, in a sign that a crisis of confidence has gripped her
   faltering, month-old administration.

   In what insiders said was a panic move, Truss at the weekend overruled
   her Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng over the appointment of the new chief
   official in the Treasury, a vital decision amid mounting unease over
   the government’s handling of the economy.

   As soon as they took office last month, Truss and Kwarteng fired the
   long-serving permanent secretary to the Treasury, Sir Tom Scholar,
   apparently wanting fresh leadership at the top of Whitehall’s most
   powerful department.

   Kwarteng and Truss had been preparing to name Antonia Romeo — the
   highest profile business-facing official in government — as Scholar’s
   replacement. Her mission was to have been to drive through an overhaul
   of what Truss’s team had disapprovingly called “Treasury orthodoxy” in
   order to deliver rapid growth.

You may like

Top Treasury official sacked by Liz Truss gets UK public service award

   By Sebastian Whale

UK joins countries screening arrivals from China for COVID

   By Ashleigh Furlong

Trump’s tax returns released, launching fresh scrutiny of his finances

   By Benjamin Guggenheim

   Kwarteng and his team had even privately named Romeo as his first
   choice for the role, with Truss’ apparent agreement. But the embattled
   prime minister, reeling from a succession of self-inflicted crises,
   backtracked on the plan and appointed James Bowler, a former Treasury
   insider, instead.

   People familiar with the process said Truss “panicked” over the
   appointment after the government’s tax-cutting mini-budget bombed,
   triggering a massive selloff in the currency and bond markets.

   The people said Romeo had been offered and had accepted the role last
   week. Transition arrangements in preparation for her arrival at the
   Treasury were already under way before the prime minister’s
   U-turn, according to the people, who asked not to be named discussing
   confidential matters.

   The chaotic process risks further undermining Truss’ reputation for
   competence and eroding the government’s already damaged credibility on
   its handling of the economy. It also leaves open huge questions over
   what happens to Truss’ personal pledge to deliver “growth, growth,
   growth” .

   Truss and Kwarteng’s decision to push Scholar out last month provoked
   dismay from senior figures in Westminster and Whitehall, including
   former chancellors and two ex-cabinet secretaries.

   They might have got away with it had their first fiscal announcements
   not been a disaster. The Bank of England had to intervene to stabilise
   the market turmoil, pledging to buy up government debt in order to stem
   spiralling borrowing costs.

   Last week, amid a growing political backlash from within the ruling
   Conservative party, Truss decided to reverse Kwarteng’s plan to cut the
   45p top rate of income tax for the highest earners.

   Her decision to overrule him again will raise further doubts about the
   status of their working relationship. Asked repeatedly by broadcasters
   last week whether she trusted her chancellor in the wake of the budget
   chaos, Truss refused to say that she did.
   Antonia Romeo was appointed to the role last week, according to people
   familiar with the process | Neilson Barnard/Getty Images

   After news broke Monday of Bowler’s appointment, No. 10
   officials insisted the decision was taken jointly by the PM and
   chancellor. While Truss rates Romeo highly, Bowler was judged to be the
   best person for the job given his Treasury background, according
   to government aides.

   The PM’s spokesman denied that the government was in chaos after the
   mini-budget, adding that Truss was “confident” in the measures she has
   announced to boost growth and support people through winter.

   Both Romeo, who runs the Ministry of Justice, and Bowler, who is the
   top official at the Department for International Trade, were well
   qualified for the position, as long-standing civil servants with
   experience running government departments.

   Some media reports suggested Romeo would not have been universally
   welcomed in the Treasury because she was seen as a disruptor. However,
   one senior Whitehall official said Romeo would have brought more drive
   and commercial experience than Bowler to the role. She has worked as a
   diplomat drumming up business for the U.K. in New York and set up the
   Department for International Trade, running it as permanent secretary
   for four years before Bowler took over last year.

   "It's a shame. Antonia would have brought a lot of energy, great drive
   and leadership, with a more commercial perspective," the official said.
   "James is a good guy, very sensible" and is embedded in "classic
   Treasury orthodoxy" due to his long career in the economic department,
   the official said. Bowler's record at the Treasury stretches back to
   2005, when he was principal private secretary to Labour's chancellor at
   the time, Gordon Brown.

   "Something strange seems to have happened. She was appointed and then
   not," said the senior official, who asked not to be named because they
   were not authorized to speak publicly. "Whether it's panic or not I
   don't know."

   In the official announcement, Kwarteng said he was “delighted to
   welcome James back to the Treasury.”

   The recruitment process was led by Simon Case, the Cabinet Secretary,
   the country’s most senior, politically impartial official who is in
   charge of the civil service. Officially, he made the appointment, with
   the approval of Truss and the agreement of Kwarteng, according to the
   government’s press release.

   This article has been updated with more details, including the
   government statement confirming the announcement.
   More from ... Tim Ross and Esther Webber

Most Read Articles

     *

1 ‘New chapters’ as Croatia joins euro and free-movement area
       January 1, 2023 2:38 pm CET
     *

2 Forced to fight your own people: How Russia is weaponizing passports
       January 1, 2023 4:00 am CET
     *

3 Putin’s toxic brew is pure Nicholas I
       December 30, 2022 4:02 am CET
     *

4 On a knife-edge: Brussels restaurants fight for survival — again
       January 1, 2023 4:01 am CET
     *

5 2022: The year in cartoons
       December 31, 2022 4:05 am CET

Related Content

     *

The looming Republican Party crisis over Ukraine
     *

BY THE NUMBERS 2022: The year in figures and charts
     *

Biden admin bows slightly to European pressure in trade clash
       Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
     *

Swedish presidency of the EU The Swedes Europe needs to know
       Here are the people Europe needs to know ahead of the Swedish
       presidency | Photo illustration by POLITICO/source images by Getty
     *

POLITICO’s most-read stories of 2022
       The Russian invasion of Ukraine dominated headlines in 2022, but
       other global events also dipped in and out of the spotlight | Fox
       Photos/Getty Images

View the Latest Issue

   Read the latest print issue online

Next up

   ECB chief: Limiting fast wage growth is needed to rein in inflation

ECB chief: Limiting fast wage growth is needed to rein in inflation

   December 31, 2022 11:32 am CET
   By Louise Guillot
   Trump taxes show foreign income from more than a dozen countries

Trump taxes show foreign income from more than a dozen countries

   December 31, 2022 9:54 am CET
   By Bernie Becker and Benjamin Guggenheim
   2022: The year in cartoons
   cartoon carousel

2022: The year in cartoons

   December 31, 2022 4:05 am CET
   By POLITICO
   POLITICO’s quiz of the year

POLITICO’s quiz of the year

   December 31, 2022 4:01 am CET
   By Ali Walker and Paul Dallison
   Related Tags
   British politics Economic governance Markets Tax
   Related Countries
   United Kingdom
   Related People
   Antonia Romeo Kwasi Kwarteng Liz Truss

Explore politico EU

     * Brussels Latest news, analysis and comment from POLITICO’s editors
       and guest writers in Europe.
     * Germany Latest news, analysis and comment on German politics and
       beyond.
     * France Latest news, analysis and comment on French politics and
       beyond.
     * Elections in Europe Latest news, analysis and comment on elections
       in Europe and beyond.
     * Coronavirus in Europe The latest news, data and analysis on the
       world’s pandemic response.
     * Migration Latest news, analysis and comment on migration in Europe
       and beyond.
     * Defense Latest news, analysis and comment on defense in Europe and
       beyond.
     * Continent Latest news, analysis and comment from POLITICO’s editors
       and guest writers on the continent.

     * Policy Areas
          + Agriculture and Food
          + Competition and Industrial Policy
          + Cybersecurity and Data Protection
          + Health Care
          + Energy and Climate
          + EU-UK
          + Financial Services
          + Mobility
          + Sustainability
          + Technology
          + Trade
          + Trade UK
     * Newsletters
          + Brussels Playbook
          + Playbook Paris
          + London Playbook
          + Sunday Crunch
          + Politico Confidential
          + London Influence
          + EU Influence
          + Global Policy Lab: Living Cities
          + Berlin Bulletin
          + Digital Bridge
          + China Direct

Explore Products

     * Series
          + POLITICO 28 Series
          + Global Policy Lab
          + Climate, Changed
          + Work Reloaded
          + Silent Killers
          + After Corona
          + The Road to COP26
          + Telescope: AIDS
          + EU in Africa
          + Changemakers
          + The wonk's survival guide to the EU Green Deal
     * Commentary
          + Unpacked
          + Beyond the Bubble
          + From Across the Pond
          + Club Med
          + Declassified
     * Podcasts
          + EU Confidential
          + Westminster Insider
          + Davos Confidential
          + Campaign Confidential
     * our apps
          + Play Store POLITICO Pro app
          + App Store POLITICO Pro app
          + Print Edition

     * POLITICO Live Explore the live extension of our journalism
     * Discover POLITICO Pro In-depth reporting, data and actionable
       intelligence for policy professionals – all in one place.

   Politico Logo

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Media Solutions
     * Press
     * Print Edition
     * Jobs
     * Careers at POLITICO
     * Ts&amp;Cs
     * FAQs

   (BUTTON) Close login modal

Log in

   Log in to access content and manage your profile. If you do not have an
   account you can register here.

   Email address
   ____________________
   Password
   ____________________

   Forgot your password?
   [X] Remember me
   (BUTTON) Log in

   By logging in, you confirm acceptance of our POLITICO Privacy Policy.

   Privacy
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-8">
<text>


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MJLJXLD

   close
   thenews
     * Latest News
     * National
     * Sports
     * World
     * Business
     * Entertainment
     * Technology
     * Health
     * Today's Paper Mon January 02, 2023
          + View Newspaper
          + Opinion
          + Newspost
          + Editorial
          + Karachi
          + Islamabad
          + Lahore
          + Peshawar
     * Magazines View all Magazines
          + TNS
          + Instep
          + Money Matters
          + YOU
          + US

   Monday January 02, 2023
   Today's Paper
   The News International
   Prayer Timing
   Epaper
     * Home
     * Latest
     * National
     * Sports
     * World
     * Business
     * Entertainment
     * Technology
     * Health
     * Oped
       Opinion Newspost Editorial
     * Magazines
       Instep Money Matters YOU US TNS

   ____________________
   The News International
   ____________________

   Entertainment

Prince Harry treated as 'outsider' by King Charles

Prince Harry's UK trip has "awakened some misery in him"

   By Web Desk
   October 09, 2022
   Prince Harry treated as outsider by King Charles

   Prince Harry's recent visit to the UK has "awakened some misery in
   him", a biographer has claimed.

   Tom Bower, the author of royal book Revenge, claimed that the Duke of
   Sussex was an "outsider" and "so cut off" from family at the Queen's
   funeral.

   Harry was not allowed to wear his military uniform at the funeral, and
   the Duke and his wife Meghan were reportedly not invited to attend the
   state reception hosted at Buckingham Palace.

   "I think the funeral awakened some misery in him that he was so cut off
   from his family and friends and was an outsider," Bower told Page Six.

   According to the expert, Harry returned to the US with some bad
   memories and was not happy with the treatment of his royal relatives
   during the Queen's funeral.
     * facebook
     * twitter
     * whatsapp

     * Nina Agdal and Logan Paul confirm relationship in New Year's Eve
       post: '2022, the beginning of me and you'

Nina Agdal and Logan Paul confirm relationship in New Year's Eve post: '2022,
the beginning of me and you'
     * Misan Harriman dubs Meghan Markle, Prince Harry’s photos his
       ‘favourite shots of the year’

Misan Harriman dubs Meghan Markle, Prince Harry’s photos his ‘favourite shots
of the year’
     * Meghan Markle attacked by Andrew Tate days before his arrest:
       DETAILS

Meghan Markle attacked by Andrew Tate days before his arrest: DETAILS
     * Chris Pratt shows new moustache look as he celebrates 2023 with
       wife Katherine Schwarzenegger

Chris Pratt shows new moustache look as he celebrates 2023 with wife
Katherine Schwarzenegger

     * ‘Inseparable’ Brad Pitt, Ines De Ramon take their romance to next
       level
       ‘Inseparable’ Brad Pitt, Ines De Ramon take their romance to next
       level
     * Here’s how David, Victoria Beckham rang in 2023 with intimate
       family bash Here’s how David, Victoria Beckham rang in 2023 with
       intimate family bash
     * Vivek Agnihotri receives threats over comment he made about
       ‘Pathaan’
       Vivek Agnihotri receives threats over comment he made about
       ‘Pathaan’
     * Rumer Willis shares sweet throwback snap as she talks pregnancy
       Rumer Willis shares sweet throwback snap as she talks pregnancy
     * Camila Mendes spent a steamy New Year with YouTuber Rudy Mancuso at
       Miami beach
       Camila Mendes spent a steamy New Year with YouTuber Rudy Mancuso at
       Miami beach
     * Prince Harry's memoir ghostwriter JR Moeringer not allowed to argue
       about Spare details?
       Prince Harry's memoir ghostwriter JR Moeringer not allowed to argue
       about Spare details?
     * John Travolta, daughter Ella send New Year wishes to fans with
       sweet reel
       John Travolta, daughter Ella send New Year wishes to fans with
       sweet reel
     * Queen Consort Camilla will be ‘working hard’ on her ‘shared job’
       Queen Consort Camilla will be ‘working hard’ on her ‘shared job’

     * Prince William feels ‘abandoned’ by Prince Harry amid Netflix show,
       book
       Prince William is reportedly dismayed by the breakdown of his
       relationship with Prince Harry
     * Khloe Kardashian celebrates New Year with daughter True, sister Kim
       Kardashian
       Khloe Kardashian shares glimpse of New Year celebrations with True,
       Kim Kardashian on social media
     * Anil Kapoor prays for Jeremy Renner's 'speedy recovery': Take a
       look
       Anil Kapoor and Jeremy Renner are all set to collaborate once again
       after 'Mission Impossible 4'
     * Prince Harry to lash out at Kate Middleton in 'Spare' despite
       earlier bond
       Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir Spare will include explosive claims
       against Kate Middleton
     * Nicola Peltz, Selena Gomez get matching inks as they celebrate New
       Year
       Nicola Peltz shares snaps of her tattoo she got with gal pal Selena
       Gomez
     * Prince Andrew driven out of Buckingham Palace by King Charles
       Prince Andrew is officially out of the royal fold as King Charles
       has reportedly driven him out of Buckingham Palace

   Copyright © 2023. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact
   Us | Authors
   (BUTTON) ×

Contact us

   For any query, please feel free to contact the following departments
   respectively;
   To reach Editorial Desk, Email
   editor@immcorporate.com
   To reach Marketing &amp; Sales, Email
   sales@immcorporate.com
   For any other query, Email
   support@immcorporate.com
   OR you can fill the Contact Form below.
   Name
   ____________________
   Email
   ____________________
   Phone
   ____________________
   Related to
   [Contact Editor_____]
   Message

   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Submit
</text>
</page> §
<page="url_outsider-9">
<text>
    #Heritage Times » Feed Heritage Times » Stories Feed alternate
   alternate alternate

     * Latest
     * Trending

   (BUTTON) Filter
     * All
     * Politics
     * Economy
     * Security
     * Education
     * Sports
     * Health
     * Entertainment
     * Legal
     * Technology and Science
     * Opinion
     * Columns
     * Exposé
     * World
     * Lifestyle

   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Meet The Anti-Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigeria’s Next President

   3 months ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

US Removes Burkina Faso From Africa Duty-Free Trade Programme

   10 seconds ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Pele To Be Buried On 9th Floor Cemetery As Fans Bid Final Farewell

   2 mins ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns

   20 mins ago
   NCDMB
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Libya: 18 Bodies Discovered In Mass Grave Around IS Former Stronghold

   3 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Mexico: 14 Killed In Prison Attack, 24 Inmates Escape

   5 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Four Dead After Two Helicopters Crash In Mid-Air Near Sea World On Gold Coast

   5 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

2023 CHAN: Cote d’ivoire Name Squad, Mozambique Storm Algeria

   6 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former President Goodluck Jonathan Makes 100 Most Reputable
Africans’ List

   7 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Elon Musk Makes History As First Person To Lose $200 Billion

   7 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

EPL: Aston Villa Tear Tottenham Apart, Forest Cage Chelsea

   8 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Lula Sworn In For Third Term As Brazil’s President

   14 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Morocco Bans Flights From China Over Covid-19 Surge

   16 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Thousands Stranded At Philippine Airports Due To Technical Glitch

   17 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Messi’s Ex-Teammate, Suarez, Joins Brazilian Club

   22 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Uganda: Nine Persons Killed In Shopping Mall Stampede

   22 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Cycling: Nigeria Dominates Egypt, Others In Africa, Begins 2023 On High

   22 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former President Obasanjo Endorses LP’s Peter Obi For Presidency

   23 hours ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

EU Accuses Rwanda Of Providing Support To M23 Rebel Group

   1 day ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Brazil: Bolsonaro Goes Into Exile, Lula da Silva Set To Be Inaugurated For
Third Term

   1 day ago
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Rashford Sends Manchester United To Top Four, City Drop Points In EPL Title
Chase

   2 days ago
   (BUTTON) Load More

   Monday, January 2, 2023
     * Photo Speaks
     * Videos
     * You-Report
     * Whistleblower
     * Advertise
     * HT Events
     * About HT
     * Contact

   Heritage Times Heritage Times
   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   No Result
   View All Result
   Translate | EN FR
   [ ]
     * Login

     * Politics
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former President Obasanjo Endorses LP’s Peter Obi For Presidency
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: George Obiozor, President-General Of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Dies At 80
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

JUST IN: Nigerian Senate Passes N819.5bn Supplementary Budget
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former Aide To Ex-President Obasanjo Appointed Peter Obi’s Campaign
DG
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Coup Attempt Foiled In Gambia, Says Govt
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Okupe Resigns As Labour Party Presidential Campaign DG
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Protest Rocks Nigeria’s Capital Over Alleged Plot To Arrest, Charge CBN Gov
For Terrorism
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria’s Ambassador To Spain, Damola Seriki Dies At 63
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Dina Boluarte Sworn In As Peru’s 1st Female President
     * Economy
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Fraud Alert: Nigeria’s Central Bank Places Over 6000 Bank Verification
Numbers On Watchlist
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Laser Engineering Establishes Laboratories For Testing, Quality
Control
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Sensitizes Youths On Community Content Guideline
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Holds Training For Indigenous Contractors, Harps On
Competitiveness
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Commissions Hydroserve Facilities
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: CBN Makes U-turn, Raises Withdrawal Limits To N500,000, N5m
Respectively
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Ghana Suspends Payment Of Eurobonds, Other Foreign Debts
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Marks Year-End In Rollicking Style
     * Security
     * Education
     * Sports
     * Health
     * Metro
     * Entertainment
     * Lifestyle
     * Legal
     * Tech &amp; Science
     * Opinion
     * Exposé
     * Exclusive Videos
     * Niger Delta
     * World

     * Politics
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former President Obasanjo Endorses LP’s Peter Obi For Presidency
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: George Obiozor, President-General Of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Dies At 80
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

JUST IN: Nigerian Senate Passes N819.5bn Supplementary Budget
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Former Aide To Ex-President Obasanjo Appointed Peter Obi’s Campaign
DG
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Coup Attempt Foiled In Gambia, Says Govt
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Okupe Resigns As Labour Party Presidential Campaign DG
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Protest Rocks Nigeria’s Capital Over Alleged Plot To Arrest, Charge CBN Gov
For Terrorism
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria’s Ambassador To Spain, Damola Seriki Dies At 63
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Dina Boluarte Sworn In As Peru’s 1st Female President
     * Economy
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Fraud Alert: Nigeria’s Central Bank Places Over 6000 Bank Verification
Numbers On Watchlist
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Laser Engineering Establishes Laboratories For Testing, Quality
Control
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Sensitizes Youths On Community Content Guideline
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Holds Training For Indigenous Contractors, Harps On
Competitiveness
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Commissions Hydroserve Facilities
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: CBN Makes U-turn, Raises Withdrawal Limits To N500,000, N5m
Respectively
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Ghana Suspends Payment Of Eurobonds, Other Foreign Debts
       Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next
       President - Heritage Times

Nigeria: NCDMB Marks Year-End In Rollicking Style
     * Security
     * Education
     * Sports
     * Health
     * Metro
     * Entertainment
     * Lifestyle
     * Legal
     * Tech &amp; Science
     * Opinion
     * Exposé
     * Exclusive Videos
     * Niger Delta
     * World

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   No Result
   View All Result
   First with the News First with the News
   [ ]
   ADVERTISEMENT
   Home Politics

Meet The Anti-Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigeria’s Next President

Peter Obi, a man who carries his own suitcases, could be Nigeria’s next
president, The Economist reports.

   October 12, 2022
   in Politics, Top Stories, World
   0 0
   0
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be
   Nigerias Next President - Heritage Times
   0
   SHARES
   222
   VIEWS
   Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Whatsapp
   ADVERTISEMENT

   An interview with an outsider who says he will actually do something
   about corruption.

   “This is a case of Goliath and David,” says Peter Obi, a long-shot
   candidate who has unexpectedly taken the lead in the race to become
   president of Africa’s most populous country and its biggest economy.
   “The big people are there, but allow this small person to do it. And I
   know I can do it.”

Relatedreading

US Removes Burkina Faso From Africa Duty-Free Trade Programme

Pele To Be Buried On 9th Floor Cemetery As Fans Bid Final Farewell

   As public campaigning was about to begin in late September, Nigeria was
   rocked by the release of three polls showing Mr Obi well ahead of the
   two candidates representing the main parties that have mis-ruled
   Nigeria since the restoration of its democracy in 1999. In two of the
   polls Mr Obi has a lead of more than 15 percentage points over Bola
   Tinubu, of the incumbent All Progressives Congress (apc), and Atiku
   Abubakar of the People’s Democratic Party (pdp), the main opposition.
   What makes this even more extraordinary is that Mr Obi is standing for
   the Labour Party, whose candidate at the previous presidential election
   in 2019 won just 5,074 votes out of 28m cast.
   Trending
   Popular Nigerian Feminist, Oloni Gets Engaged

   ADVERTISEMENT
   ADVERTISEMENT
   ADVERTISEMENT

   Mr Obi’s sudden ascent represents a rare chance for Nigeria. The
   country ought to be rich: it has huge reserves of oil, gas and other
   minerals, plenty of fertile land and a young population of go-getters.
   Yet Nigerians are poorer today than they were ten years ago and 40% of
   them survive on less than $1.90 a day.

   The reasons why Nigeria is poor are rotten politics, bad governance and
   corruption. Politicians in Nigeria have long stirred up ethnic and
   religious divisions by promising to direct state resources to members
   of their own group. Once in power they have pursued contorted economic
   policies such as a fixed exchange rate and massive fuel subsidies. Some
   policies seem to make sense only as a way of allowing cronies to siphon
   off cash.

   Neither of the two main candidates contesting the presidential election
   scheduled for February offers much hope for change. Mr Abubakar, a
   former customs official turned tycoon, was accused alongside his wife
   in 2010 by a US Senate committee report of being linked to the transfer
   of $40m in “suspect funds” to America. (He denies wrongdoing.) Mr
   Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos state, had his assets frozen in the
   1990s by the American government, which alleged it had probable cause
   to believe the money was linked to drugs. Mr Tinubu, who has also
   denied wrongdoing, reached a settlement with the American government
   whereby he agreed to forfeit $460,000.

   There are, of course, no guarantees that Mr Obi would break the
   kleptocracy that is throttling Nigeria: the country’s political system
   has a habit of corrupting even those who start out with the best of
   intentions. But if he were to sustain his lead until the election in
   February, he would be the first politician in decades to show that a
   new sort of politics is possible in Nigeria. If he is able to keep
   energising young, urban voters across the country’s main divides of
   religion, geography and ethnicity, he may well redraw Nigeria’s
   electoral map. And by making this election about competence, character
   and perhaps even ideas, Mr Obi promises to upend the old electoral
   calculus, which was based on horse-trading to form majorities between
   politicians who gathered votes mainly among their coreligionists or
   ethnic groups.

   In many ways, Mr Obi seems an unlikely revolutionary. He is rich, like
   many of Nigeria’s political elite. (Unlike many other wealthy Nigerian
   politicians, Mr Obi seems to have made his money before taking office
   or working for the government.) He is also no political outsider,
   having served two terms as governor of Anambra state until 2014 and
   then standing as Mr Abubakar’s vice-presidential candidate in 2019.

   Here the similarities end. As an energetic 61-year-old Mr Obi stands in
   sharp contrast to the 75-year-old Mr Abubakar and to Mr Tinubu, who
   though just a decade older was recently forced to respond to widespread
   rumours of ill health by posting a video of himself pedalling an
   exercise bicycle on Twitter, saying: “Many have said I have died;
   others claim I have withdrawn from the presidential campaign. Well…
   Nope.” Mr Obi, on the other hand, has a vigorous social-media operation
   with a vast, passionate following, and is strikingly open to
   interviews.

   Mr Obi’s surging popularity is due, above all, to perceptions of his
   character. In a country cursed by politicians of extraordinary ego and
   entourage, his supporters marvel that as governor Mr Obi queued at
   airports holding his own luggage. He also slashed the size of his
   motorcade when he found that 13 of the cars were empty, he says. This
   not only plays well with young voters, but also annoys his rivals.
   Kashim Shettima, Mr Tinubu’s running-mate, grumbles that Mr Obi “tends
   to glamorise poverty” by claiming to own only one watch. (Mr Shettima,
   who likes smart watches, says he “has more than two or three”.)

   Frugality is relative in Nigerian politics. The Economist interviewed
   Mr Obi in his suite in the most plush hotel in Abuja, the capital (it
   is also one of the most secure), though at least Mr Obi was free of the
   hordes of hangers-on who typically surround Nigerian bigwigs. His
   running-mate, Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed, is also far from poor.

   When asked what distinguishes him most from the other two major
   candidates Mr Obi replies: “Who can people trust?” He promises to
   deliver and not to steal. Yet he too has faced some questions over his
   financial affairs. The Pandora Papers, a large set of leaks to the
   press of records from financial companies, revealed that Mr Obi owned
   an undeclared offshore company in the British Virgin Islands, a tax
   haven. He also reportedly failed to declare all his assets or
   immediately relinquish control of all his companies, as required by the
   law, upon becoming governor. Mr Obi claimed at the time that he did not
   know he had to declare assets held jointly with his family and that he
   did relinquish control of the company in question, but that an error
   meant it was not enacted for 14 months.

   To try to show that the money in those companies was earned before he
   entered politics, Mr Obi pulls out stacks of letters from his bank in
   London showing the scale of his lines of business credit in the 1990s.
   In any case, he argues, his rivals are very rich, too. “What is their
   source of wealth?” he asks. Context matters. “Relative to the field…he
   is a saint, more or less,” says Ebenezer Obadare of the Council on
   Foreign Relations, a think-tank New York. Though that does not
   necessarily make him “clean”, he adds.

   Mr Obi also wants to run on competence. He emphasises that he left a
   fiscal surplus to his successor as governor⁠—a rarity. Anambra’s score
   on the Human Development Index, a measure of income, education and life
   expectancy, was falling when Mr Obi entered office in 2006. It bottomed
   out by 2008, with Anambra ranked eighth among Nigeria’s states. By the
   time he left office in 2014, Anambra had leapt to third place, trailing
   only the capital and Lagos, Nigeria’s commercial capital. Between 2006
   and 2012, Onitsha, the biggest city in the state, was in the top 50 of
   750 cities worldwide for the rate of private-sector job growth,
   according to the World Bank.

   Mr Obi is disappointingly less keen to emphasise his proposed policies
   as president. “We’re all going to come up with the same products but
   which of these brands will you trust?” he says. Still, improving
   security is his “number one priority”. It ought to be. Over the past
   eight years under President Muhammadu Buhari, jihadist terrorists have
   terrorised Nigeria’s north-east. Violence in the south-east, often
   attributed to Igbo separatists, has surged, as has crime. Gangs known
   locally as bandits killed 2,600 people last year.

   To restore order Mr Obi promises to expand the security forces and
   equip them better. Structurally he proposes giving states and local
   governments the power to have their own police officers, rather than
   rely solely on federal forces. He is also willing to talk to armed
   groups that have political demands such as the Indigenous People of
   Biafra, a separatist group in his own south-eastern region.

   When it comes to the economy, his instincts appear liberal. “There is a
   lot of government involved where the private sector should be,” he
   says. Nigeria’s petrol subsidies will eat up more than federal spending
   on health, education and welfare combined. Mr Obi promises to get rid
   of these handouts: “Fifty per cent of it is corruption, you deal with
   it immediately.” The rest could take three or six months, he says. Yet
   the Labour Party has close ties with unions, many of which have
   repeatedly opposed subsidy reform. “I’m not going to make promises I’m
   not going to fulfil,” he insists. When it comes to the currency Mr
   Obi’s liberalism wears thin. He is not in favour of letting the naira
   float freely, though he says he would allow the official rate to move
   closer to the black-market one.

   Frugality also shapes his attitude to debt. “We want to borrow strictly
   for investment, if need be—if at all!” he says, criticising Nigeria’s
   rising debts to China. Yet thrift alone is unlikely to solve Nigeria’s
   problems. Federal government spending is just 6% of gdp. Even with more
   efficient spending, there will not be enough cash to tackle Nigeria’s
   enormous infrastructure needs. Increasing Nigeria’s paltry tax take is
   crucial, but goes largely unmentioned by Mr Obi.

   Can Mr Obi pull it off? His supporters think so. “I am an Obi-dient
   man,” laughs Kingsley Onwe, a trader selling tomato paste at a street
   market outside Abuja. Mr Onwe is not advertising general deference to
   authority. “Obi-dients” is the nickname for Mr Obi’s supporters. His
   rivals are, however, dismissive. “We’re not bothered about him,” says
   Dino Melaye, Mr Abubakar’s campaign spokesman. The vituperative attack
   that the former senator launches suggests otherwise. In his telling, Mr
   Obi is a “deceptive character” who has a “plethora of allegations
   against him”. For good measure he adds that Mr Obi “knows himself that
   he cannot win it but he sees it as an avenue to make money.” Should
   your correspondent want to talk more about running for office to make
   money, Mr Melaye (who enjoys posing with his collection of Ferraris and
   Lamborghinis) leaves his business card: a metallic-gold one that looks
   like a credit card.

   Even if the polls are accurate—the large share of undecided voters
   suggests the outcome is still in flux—Mr Obi will still have to clear
   several hurdles on the path to becoming president. The first relates to
   the rules. In order to avoid a run-off, the winning candidate must not
   only have the most votes. They must also get more than 25% in each of
   at least two-thirds of the country’s 36 states and capital territory.
   Doing so, admits Mr Baba-Ahmed, may be challenging, particularly in ten
   northern states that have tended to swing for northern and Muslim
   candidates whereas Mr Obi is a Christian from the south.

   Mr Shettima, the ruling party’s vice-presidential candidate, is also
   dismissive of Mr Obi’s chances in the north. The former governor of the
   northern state of Borno, suggests asking northerners about Mr Obi,
   saying they will think “he is either a musician or a footballer”. From
   doing just that it is clear that Mr Shettima is exaggerating. On the
   streets of Kano, the biggest city in the north, enormous billboards of
   Mr Tinubu and Mr Abubakar loom large. Mr Obi’s image is all but absent
   and at his Kano headquarters a broken billboard was leaning against a
   fence. No one but a toothy guard was present. Despite this, some polls
   show him running second in the north.

   Even so, Kano illustrates a second risk to Mr Obi’s campaign. The
   Labour Party he represents will not have candidates on dozens of
   ballots for seats in the Senate and 130 seats in the House of
   Representatives. This means it will have to convince voters to break
   with habit and cast their votes “skirt and blouse” (backing one party
   for president and another for the other races). Moreover, the party has
   few members, no state governors and just one senator. Usually governors
   and senators help funnel cash (both legitimately donated and less so)
   to campaigns and rustle up the tens of thousands of party lackeys who
   go out to persuade, bully or bribe people to vote for their parties
   candidate.

   Mr Melaye of the PDP explains with disarming frankness why these
   structures matter. “In every catchment area you have people who are the
   owners of the voters,” he says, without blushing. Mr Baba-Ahmed gamely
   puts a brave face on the Labour Party’s weakness, saying that it will
   allow him and Mr Obi to govern cleanly because they will not be
   beholden to bigwigs. That may be so, but they have to win first.

   In a bid to do so, Mr Obi is trying to tackle vote-buying head on. “I
   tell people every day, the money people are sharing is just stolen
   money, it is not their money,” he says, “That’s why people are dying in
   hospitals. That’s why there are no roads.” This election will be a test
   of whether the old way of doing politics has been superseded by one
   based on individual choice and direct appeals to the public.

   The third risk to Mr Obi’s campaign is outright rigging. Mr Obi himself
   plays down such fears. Recent reforms to the vote-counting process
   should make ballot-stuffing harder this time. Yet Mr Baba-Ahmed is “not
   confident” the vote will be free and fair. Some activists share these
   concerns. Ayisha Osori of the Open Society Foundations, an advocacy and
   philanthropy group, thinks the ruling apc will try to depress turnout
   in areas where Mr Obi is strong. Doing so could spark conflict. “If
   they decide to humiliate [Obi] and have a blatantly rigged, violent
   election, I’m really worried about what people will do,” she says. Mr
   Obi himself brushes off the idea his supporters might react angrily to
   a defeat. He is simply focused on winning. “I’m saying I’m better, I’m
   saying I can do it better,” he insists. “Trust me.” Right now at least,
   many do.

   The Economist
     * Nigeria: Tompolo And The Amnesty Deal
     * Transcorp hotel to disengage 40% of workforce due to COVID-19
       impact
     * NNPC declares ₦20.36 billion trading surplus in July
     * COVID-19: Aviation sector to lose $35bn, 3.5 million jobs

   Tags: 2023breakingHeritageheritage timesheritagetimesmediaINECLabour
   PartylatestnewsPeter ObiThe Economistthe heritage timesthtthtafricatop
   stories
   ShareTweetSendShare
   ADVERTISEMENT
   Previous Post

Liz Truss: The Pitfalls Lying Ahead Of An Embattled Prime Minister

   Next Post

Nigeria: Okupe Named DG As Labour Party Unveils 1,234-Member Campaign Council

Related Posts

   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

US Removes Burkina Faso From Africa Duty-Free Trade Programme

   January 2, 2023

   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Pele To Be Buried On 9th Floor Cemetery As Fans Bid Final Farewell

   January 2, 2023

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns

Libya: 18 Bodies Discovered In Mass Grave Around IS Former Stronghold

Mexico: 14 Killed In Prison Attack, 24 Inmates Escape

Four Dead After Two Helicopters Crash In Mid-Air Near Sea World On Gold Coast

   Next Post
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Nigeria: Okupe Named DG As Labour Party Unveils 1,234-Member Campaign Council

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

   Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

   Comment *
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________
   _____________________________________________

   Name * ______________________________

   Email * ______________________________

   Website ______________________________

   [ ] Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time
   I comment.

   Post Comment
   Heritage Bank

Updates

     * Trending
     * Comments
     * Latest

   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

World Cup: Woman Goes Naked, Fan Dies Celebrating In Argentina, As France,
Morocco Squads Get Heroes Welcome

   December 21, 2022
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Nigerian Army Rescues Female Soldier Abducted, Tortured By Unknown Gunmen

   December 29, 2022
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

9 Health Benefits Of Garden Egg

   July 2, 2022
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Post-Colonial Africa Prints Money Overseas, Raising Questions About
Self-Sufficiency

   December 28, 2022
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Tennis: Djokovic Bears No Grudges, Set For Australian Open Return

   1
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

US Removes Burkina Faso From Africa Duty-Free Trade Programme

   January 2, 2023
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Pele To Be Buried On 9th Floor Cemetery As Fans Bid Final Farewell

   January 2, 2023
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns

   January 2, 2023
   Meet The Anti Corruption Outsider Who Could Be Nigerias Next President
   - Heritage Times

Libya: 18 Bodies Discovered In Mass Grave Around IS Former Stronghold

   January 2, 2023
   Stanbic IBTC Bank
   NCDMB

Most Recent

US Removes Burkina Faso From Africa Duty-Free Trade Programme

   January 2, 2023

Pele To Be Buried On 9th Floor Cemetery As Fans Bid Final Farewell

   January 2, 2023

One-Third Of The World Will Face Recession This Year, IMF Warns

   January 2, 2023

Libya: 18 Bodies Discovered In Mass Grave Around IS Former Stronghold

   January 2, 2023

Mexico: 14 Killed In Prison Attack, 24 Inmates Escape

   January 2, 2023

Four Dead After Two Helicopters Crash In Mid-Air Near Sea World On Gold Coast

   January 2, 2023

2023 CHAN: Cote d’ivoire Name Squad, Mozambique Storm Algeria

   January 2, 2023

Nigeria: Former President Goodluck Jonathan Makes 100 Most Reputable
Africans’ List

   January 2, 2023
   HOUSE FORTY THREE RESTAURANT
   MOSILO GROUP
   ADVERTISEMENT

About

   The Heritage Times was established to advance transparency and
   accountability in leadership and governance. Our vision is to become
   Africa's foremost provider of quality news and contents. We seek to
   lead a news media revolution that will foster a sustainable democratic
   Africa.

Featured

Post-Colonial Africa Prints Money Overseas, Raising Questions About
Self-Sufficiency

Africa’s Longest River Is Drying Up From Its Source To Delta, Here’s Why

2023: How Do The Three Main Contenders For Nigeria’s Presidency Rank?

Connect

   Connect with us on social media and receive timely updates on the go.

Get Updates

   ________________________________________

   Submit

     * About
     * Privacy Policy

   © 2022 The Heritage Times Media.

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   No Result
   View All Result
     * Welcome
     * Politics
     * Economy
     * Security
     * Exposé
     * Education
     * Sports
     * Health
     * Entertainment
     * Legal
     * Technology and Science
     * Opinion
     * Columns
     * World
     * __________________
     * Photo Speaks
     * Videos
     * You-Report
     * Whistleblower
     * Advertise
     * HT Events
     * About HT
     * Contact us

   © 2022 The Heritage Times Media.

Welcome Back!

   Login to your account below

   ____________________

   ____________________

   [ ] Remember Me

   Log In
   Forgotten Password?

Retrieve your password

   Please enter your username or email address to reset your password.

   ____________________

   Reset Password
   Log In

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

   This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are
   giving consent to cookies being used. Visit our Privacy and Cookie
   Policy. (BUTTON) I Agree
</text>
</page> §
</mot>
<mot="ENG_stranger">
<page="URL_stranger-1">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   [svg+xml;base64,PD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0iVVRGLTgiPz48c3Z
   nIHdpZHRoPSI5OTk5OXB4IiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk5OTk5cHgiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA5OTk5OS
   A5OTk5OSIgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4xIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zd
   mciIHhtbG5zOnhsaW5rPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8xOTk5L3hsaW5rIj48ZyBzdHJv
   a2U9Im5vbmUiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIGZpbGwtb3BhY2l0eT0iMCI+PHJlY3QgeD0iMCIgeT0
   iMCIgd2lkdGg9Ijk5OTk5IiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk5OTk5Ij48L3JlY3Q+IDwvZz4gPC9zdmc+]

   Cambridge Dictionary

     * Dictionnaire
     * Traduire
     * Grammaire
     * Dictionnaire des synonymes
     * +Plus Cambridge Dictionary +Plus

     * Cambridge Dictionary +Plus
     * Mon profil
     * Aide +Plus
     * Déconnexion

     *
     *
     *

   {{userName}}
     * Cambridge Dictionary +Plus
     * Mon profil
     * Aide +Plus
     * Déconnexion

   Connexion / Créer un compte
   Français
   Terme de recherche Terme de recherche

   stranger____________
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) anglais (BUTTON)
   {{word}} {{#beta}} Beta{{/beta}}
   {{#preferredDictionaries}} {{^selected}} {{name}} {{/selected}}
   {{/preferredDictionaries}}

                       Définition de stranger en anglais

   stranger
   noun [ C ]
   uk

   Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio
   /ˈstreɪn.dʒər/ us

   Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio
   /ˈstreɪn.dʒɚ/
   B1
   someone you do not know:
   My mother always warned me not to talk to strangers.
   I'd never met anyone at the party before - they were complete
   strangers.

Note:

     * Do not confuse with foreigner (= a person from another country).

   A stranger in a particular place is someone who has never been there
   before:
   Do you know the way to the bus station, or are you a stranger here too?

   Plus d'exemples
     * He had the eerie feeling that he had met this stranger before.
     * She's dreaming she'll be whisked off her feet by a tall, dark
       handsome stranger.
     * I was propositioned by a complete stranger.
     * It can be difficult to strike up a conversation with a complete
       stranger.
     * He went up to a complete stranger and started talking.

   SMART Vocabulary : mots et locutions associés
   Friends, acquaintances &amp; contemporaries
     * a friend in need is a friend indeed idiom
     * acquaintance
     * acquaintanceship
     * acquainted
     * amigo
     * bedmate
     * compatriot
     * comrade
     * crony
     * crowd
     * fair-weather friend
     * fam
     * flatmate
     * intimate
     * neighbour
     * oppo
     * pal
     * peeps
     * peer group
     * pen pal

   Voir plus de résultats »

   Vous pouvez aussi trouver des mots apparentés, des expressions et des
   synonymes dans les thèmes :
   Inexperienced people and lack of experience


   Envie d'en savoir plus ?

   Améliorez votre vocabulaire avec English Vocabulary in Use de
   Cambridge.
   Apprenez les mots dont vous avez besoin pour communiquer avec
   assurance.

Locutions

   be no stranger to something
   don't be a stranger
   hello stranger
   (Définition de stranger depuis le Cambridge Advanced Learnerʼs
   Dictionary &amp; Thesaurus © Cambridge University Press)

«stranger» en anglais américain

   stranger
   noun [ C ]
   us

   Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio
   /ˈstreɪn·dʒər/
   someone not known or not familiar:
   After being away so long, my sister seemed like a stranger.
   A stranger in a particular place is someone who has never been there
   before:
   Sorry, I can’t direct you – I’m a stranger here myself.
   (Définition de stranger depuis le Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary
   © Cambridge University Press)

Traductions de stranger

   en chinois traditionnel
   陌生人, 外地人，外來者…
   Voir plus
   en chinois (simplifié)
   陌生人, 外地人，外来者…
   Voir plus
   en espagnol
   desconocido\desconocida, desconocido/da [masculine-feminine, singular]…
   Voir plus
   en portugais
   estranho, -a, desconhecido…
   Voir plus
   en français
   étranger/-ère [masculine-feminine], étranger/-ère, visiteur/-euse…
   Voir plus

   plus de langues
   en japonais
   en turc
   en catalan
   in Dutch
   en arabe
   en tchèque
   en danois
   en indonésien
   en thaï
   en vietnamien
   en polonais
   en malais
   en allemand
   en norvégien
   en coréen
   in Ukrainian
   en italien
   en russe
   見知らぬ人, 他人（たにん）…
   Voir plus
   yabancı, tanımadık biri, bilinmedik kimse…
   Voir plus
   desconegut -uda…
   Voir plus
   vreemdeling, vreemde…
   Voir plus
   غَريب…
   Voir plus
   cizí člověk, návštěvník, -ice…
   Voir plus
   ukendt, fremmed, ikke stedkendt person…
   Voir plus
   orang asing, pendatang…
   Voir plus
   คนแปลกหน้า, แขก…
   Voir plus
   người lạ, người xa lạ…
   Voir plus
   obc-y/a, nieznajom-y/a, obcy…
   Voir plus
   orang asing, tetamu…
   Voir plus
   der/die Fremde, der Neuling…
   Voir plus
   fremmed [masculine], fremmed, ukjent…
   Voir plus
   이방인…
   Voir plus
   незнайомець, стороння особа, чужоземець…
   Voir plus
   estraneo, -a, sconosciuto…
   Voir plus
   незнакомец…
   Voir plus
   Avez-vous besoin d'un traducteur ?

   Obtenez une traduction rapide et gratuite !
   Outil de traduction

   Comment se prononce stranger?



Parcourir

   strange
   strangely
   strangely enough idiom
   strangeness
   stranger
   stranger things have happened idiom
   strangle
   strangle something at birth idiom
   strangled

   Testez votre vocabulaire avec nos jeux en images amusants
   {{randomImageQuizHook.quizId}}
   (BUTTON)
     * {{randomImageQuizHook.copyright1}}
     * {{randomImageQuizHook.copyright2}}

   Crédits image
   Faites un jeu maintenant

Encore plus de significations pour stranger

   Tous
     * strange
     * hello stranger idiom
     * don't be a stranger idiom
     * be no stranger to something idiom
     * someone is no stranger to something idiom
     * stranger things have happened idiom
     * truth is stranger than fiction idiom

   Voir toutes les significations

   Idiomes
     * hello stranger idiom
     * don't be a stranger idiom
     * be no stranger to something idiom
     * someone is no stranger to something idiom
     * stranger things have happened idiom
     * truth is stranger than fiction idiom

   Voir toutes les significations des idiomes

   Mot du jour

   introvert
   UK

   Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio
   /ˈɪn.trə.vɜːt/
   US

   Your browser doesn't support HTML5 audio
   /ˈɪn.trə.vɝːt/

   someone who is shy, quiet, and prefers to spend time alone rather than
   often being with other people
   À ce sujet
   Spendthrifts and skinflints (The language of how we spend)

   Blog

   Spendthrifts and skinflints (The language of how we spend)
   December 28, 2022
   Apprendre plus
   productivity theatre

   Nouveaux mots
   productivity theatre
   January 02, 2023
   Encore plus de nouveaux mots

   Vous avez ajouté à list
   Haut
   Contenus
   AnglaisAméricainTraductions

   [tr?id=511637499182506&amp;ev=PageView &amp;noscript=1]

   © Cambridge University Press 2023
   Apprendre
   Apprendre Apprendre Nouveaux mots Aide Disponible en version imprimée
   Word of the Year 2021 Word of the Year 2022
   Développer
   Développer Développer API du dictionnaire Recherche par double-clic
   Widgets de recherche Données de licence
   À propos de
   À propos de À propos de Accessibilité Enseignement de l'anglais de
   Cambridge Cambridge University Press Gestion des données personnelles
   Cookies et confidentialité Corpus Conditions d'utilisation

   © Cambridge University Press 2023

   {{#displayLoginPopup}}
   Cambridge Dictionary +Plus

En apprendre plus avec +Plus

   Inscrivez-vous gratuitement et accédez à du matériel exclusif
   Gratuit ! Les listes de mots et jeux de Cambridge
   Des outils pour créer vos propres listes de mots et jeux
   Des listes de mots partagées par notre communauté d'amis du
   dictionnaire
   Créer un compte ou Connexion
   Cambridge Dictionary +Plus

En apprendre plus avec +Plus

   Créez gratuitement des listes de mots et des jeux
   Créer un compte ou Connexion
   {{/displayLoginPopup}} {{#displayClassicSurvey}}
   {{/displayClassicSurvey}}

   Cambridge Dictionary
     * Cambridge Dictionary +Plus
     * Mon profil
     * Aide +Plus
     * Déconnexion

   Cambridge Dictionary
   Dictionnaire
   Définitions
   Explications claires de l'anglais naturel écrit et parlé
   anglais
   dictionnaire des apprenants
   anglais britannique essentiel
   anglais américain essentiel
   Traductions
   Cliquez sur les flèches pour inverser le sens de traduction.
   Bilingues
   English–Dutch néerlandais-anglais
   anglais-français français-anglais
   anglais-allemand allemand-anglais
   anglais-indonésien indonésien-anglais
   anglais-italien italien-anglais
   anglais-japonais japonais-anglais
   anglais-polonais polonais-anglais
   anglais-portugais portugais-anglais
   anglais-espagnol espagnol-anglais
   Semi-bilingue
   anglais-arabe
   anglais-catalan
   anglais-chinois (simplifié)
   anglais-chinois (traditionnel)
   anglais-tchèque
   anglais-danois
   anglais-coréen
   anglais-malais
   anglais-norvégien
   anglais-russe
   anglais-thaï
   anglais-turc
   English–Ukrainian
   anglais-vietnamien
   Traduire
   Grammaire
   Dictionnaire des synonymes
   Cambridge Dictionary +Plus

   {{userName}}
     * Cambridge Dictionary +Plus
     * Mon profil
     * Aide +Plus
     * Déconnexion

   Connexion / Créer un compte
   Français   Change
   English (UK) English (US) Español Español (Latinoamérica) Русский
   Português Deutsch Français Italiano 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Polski 한국어 Türkçe
   日本語 Tiếng Việt
   Suivez-nous

   Choisissez un dictionnaire
     * Récent et Recommandé
       {{#preferredDictionaries}} {{name}} {{/preferredDictionaries}}
     * Définitions
       Explications claires de l'anglais naturel écrit et parlé
       anglais dictionnaire des apprenants anglais britannique essentiel
       anglais américain essentiel
     * Grammaire et Dictionnaire des synonymes
       Explications des usages de l'anglais naturel écrit et parlé
       grammaire synonymes et antonymes
     * Traduction
       Cliquez sur les flèches pour inverser le sens de traduction.
       Dictionnaires bilingues
          + English–Dutch néerlandais-anglais
          + anglais-français français-anglais
          + anglais-allemand allemand-anglais
          + anglais-indonésien indonésien-anglais
          + anglais-italien italien-anglais
          + anglais-japonais japonais-anglais
          + anglais-polonais polonais-anglais
          + anglais-portugais portugais-anglais
          + anglais-espagnol espagnol-anglais
       Dictionnaires semi-bilingues
       anglais-arabe anglais-catalan anglais-chinois (simplifié)
       anglais-chinois (traditionnel) anglais-tchèque anglais-danois
       anglais-coréen anglais-malais anglais-norvégien anglais-russe
       anglais-thaï anglais-turc English–Ukrainian anglais-vietnamien
     * Dictionary +Plus
       Listes de mots

   Sélectionnez votre langue
   Français
   English (UK) English (US) Español Español (Latinoamérica) Русский
   Português Deutsch Italiano 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Polski 한국어 Türkçe 日本語
   Tiếng Việt

   Contenus
     * Anglais
       Noun
     * Américain
       Noun

     * Translations
     * Grammaire
     * Toutes les traductions

   Mes listes de mots

   Ajoutez stranger à une de vos listes ci-dessous, ou créez une nouvelle
   liste.
   (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   {{#verifyErrors}}

   {{message}}
   {{/verifyErrors}} {{^verifyErrors}} {{#message}}

   {{message}}
   {{/message}} {{^message}}

   Il y a eu un problème.
   {{/message}} {{/verifyErrors}}
   Voir plus de listes
   {{name}}
   Allez à vos listes de mots
   {{#verifyErrors}}

   {{message}}
   {{/verifyErrors}} {{^verifyErrors}} {{#message}}

   {{message}}
   {{/message}} {{^message}}

   Il y a eu un problème.
   {{/message}} {{/verifyErrors}}

   Faites-nous part de vos remarques sur cette phrase d'exemple :
   (*) Le mot de l'exemple n'est pas le même que le mot recherché.
   ( ) La phrase est offensante ou présente du contenu offensant.
   (BUTTON) Annuler (BUTTON) Envoyer
   Thanks! Your feedback will be reviewed.
   {{#verifyErrors}}

   {{message}}
   {{/verifyErrors}} {{^verifyErrors}} {{#message}}

   {{message}}
   {{/message}} {{^message}}

   Votre commentaire n'a pas pu être envoyé dû à un problème.
   {{/message}} {{/verifyErrors}}
   (*) Le mot de l'exemple n'est pas le même que le mot recherché.
   ( ) La phrase est offensante ou présente du contenu offensant.
   (BUTTON) Annuler (BUTTON) Envoyer
   Thanks! Your feedback will be reviewed.
   {{#verifyErrors}}

   {{message}}
   {{/verifyErrors}} {{^verifyErrors}} {{#message}}

   {{message}}
   {{/message}} {{^message}}

   Votre commentaire n'a pas pu être envoyé dû à un problème.
   {{/message}} {{/verifyErrors}}
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-10">
<text>
   #The Daily Orange » A moment in time: snapshots of 5 strangers for Sit
   With a Stranger Day Comments Feed alternate alternate alternate The
   Daily Orange

   [EN]
   (BUTTON) ✕

Privacy &amp; Transparency 🎄

   We and our partners use cookies to Store and/or access information on a
   device. We and our partners use data for Personalised ads and content,
   ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.
   An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in
   a cookie. Some of our partners may process your data as a part of their
   legitimate business interest without asking for consent. To view the
   purposes they believe they have legitimate interest for, or to object
   to this data processing use the vendor list link below. The consent
   submitted will only be used for data processing originating from this
   website. If you would like to change your settings or withdraw consent
   at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy accessible from
   our home page..

   (BUTTON) Manage Settings (BUTTON) Continue with Recommended Cookies
   Vendor List | Privacy Policy

The Daily Orange

   ____________________ Search
     * News
     * Culture
     * Sports
     * Opinion
     * Media

     * Classifieds
     * CuseHousing
     * Advertise
     * Donate
     * About
     * [search_icon.png]

     * On Campus
     * City
     * Crime
     * State
     * National
     * Coronavirus
     * Acts of Hate
     * #NotAgainSU
     * SUNY-ESF
     * Obituary
     * Interstate 81
     * Student Association
     * Graduate Students

   [search_icon.png]

   On Campus

SU holds memorial service on 34th anniversary of Pan Am Flight 103 bombing

   By Dominic Chiappone
   December 21, 2022 at 8:50 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   on campus

Syverud visits Micron headquarters, sets sights on joint academic programs

   By Dominic Chiappone
   December 15, 2022 at 12:09 am
   [search_icon.png]

   National

Supreme Court to hear second case against Biden’s student loan forgiveness
plan

   By Kyle Chouinard
   December 12, 2022 at 11:02 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   City

Food Recovery Network struggles to save, deliver dinners to local community

   By Maya Castro
   December 12, 2022 at 10:55 pm

     * Slice of Life
     * From the Kitchen
     * Beyond the Hill
     * From the Stage
     * From the Studio

   [search_icon.png]

   Music Column

SZA delivers more experimental, angrier return with 'SOS'

   By Anish Vasudevan
   December 21, 2022 at 1:50 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   From the Kitchen

Sweeten the holidays with these 4 home-baked cookie recipes

   By Meghan Hendricks
   December 12, 2022 at 9:32 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Slice of Life

Holiday season highlights mental health struggles for many Americans

   By The Daily Orange Culture Staff
   December 12, 2022 at 8:54 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Concert Tracker

Ring in the holiday season with these 4 local performances

   By Isabella Flores
   December 12, 2022 at 8:41 pm

     * Men's Basketball
     * Women's Basketball
     * Football
     * Men's Lacrosse
     * Women's Lacrosse
     * Softball
     * Men's Soccer
     * Women's Soccer
     * Field Hockey
     * Ice Hockey
     * Rowing
     * Track &amp; Field
     * Tennis
     * Volleyball
     * Cross Country

   [search_icon.png]

   Women's Basketball

Syracuse comes up short of upset, falls 56-54 to No. 6 NC State

   By Cole Bambini
   January 1, 2023 at 10:02 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Women's Basketball

Opponent Preview: What to know about No. 6 NC State

   By Tyler Schiff
   January 1, 2023 at 5:08 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Men's Basketball

Jesse Edwards' foul trouble reaffirms that Syracuse is lost without him

   By Anthony Alandt
   December 31, 2022 at 7:17 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Men's Basketball

Observations from SU's win over Boston College: Williams impresses, too many
turnovers

   By Anthony Alandt
   December 31, 2022 at 4:46 pm

     * Editorial Board
     * Columns
     * Guest Column
     * Letters to the Editor
     * Black Voices
     * Latinx Voices
     * International Voice
     * LGBTQ+ Voices
     * Listen to Stories of Survivors
     * Absence of Light
     * Syracuse Community

   [search_icon.png]

   Letters to the Editor

Decades-long advocacy of Vera House's Randi Bregman should not be overlooked

   By Michael Schwartz
   December 18, 2022 at 2:01 am
   [search_icon.png]

   Column

Tik Tok's new feature amplifies fears of using one's own voice

   By Aiden Walsh
   December 17, 2022 at 7:18 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Column

Capitalism, advertising create societal pressure around the holidays

   By Conor Sarasin
   December 13, 2022 at 2:25 am
   [search_icon.png]

   Column

Syracuse students have a lasting consequence on residents and the city

   By Sarhia Rahim
   December 12, 2022 at 10:49 pm

     * Podcasts
     * Videos
     * Galleries

   [search_icon.png]

   Editor's Picks

Gallery: A look back some of The Daily Orange's best photos from 2022

   By The Daily Orange Photo Staff
   December 30, 2022 at 10:50 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Football

Gallery: Syracuse falls to Minnesota 28-20 at Pinstripe Bowl

   By Jacob Halsema
   December 30, 2022 at 9:57 am
   [search_icon.png]

   Men's Soccer

Gallery: Syracuse men's soccer takes home 1st-ever College Cup

   By Meghan Hendricks
   December 13, 2022 at 2:22 pm
   [search_icon.png]

   Beyond the Hill

Gallery: Syracuse fans gather to celebrate and watch the World Cup

   By Cassandra Roshu
   December 6, 2022 at 1:47 am

     * Newsletter
     * Archives

     * Donate Today
     * Donor Recognition Wall

     * About
     * Contact

Trending Topics

     * Coronavirus
     * Syracuse Football
     * Syracuse Basketball
     * Menu Guide

   Slice of Life

A moment in time: snapshots of 5 strangers for Sit With a Stranger Day

   Meeting new people got a little bit easier on Sept. 16 as National Sit
   With A Stranger Day brought conversations between random people.

   Emily Steinberger | Senior Staff Photographer

   Meeting new people got a little bit easier on Sept. 16 as National Sit
   With A Stranger Day brought conversations between random people.

   By Emily Steinberger, Sophia MooreThe Daily Orange
   September 18, 2022 at 11:22 pm
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Email

   Last Friday marked National Sit With a Stranger Day, a holiday created
   in 2020 to encourage people to make new connections with others, even
   if they’ve never met. The following vignettes are stories from people
   who spent their Saturday on Syracuse University’s campus. From
   volunteers to a new fiancé, SU was chock full of strangers to sit with,
   learn from and talk to this weekend. And, through these conversations
   with The Daily Orange, may be a little less than strangers now.

   The Tailgaters
   From left to right, Lisa and Bob Sullivan and Tim and Debbie Teeter
   Family | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   From left to right, Lisa and Bob Sullivan and Tim and Debbie Teeter
   Family | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   Under an orange tent stationed next to Carnegie Library, Tim Teeter and
   Bob Sullivan got ready for Saturday’s football game. The pair have been
   tailgating games for over a decade, joined by their wives, Debbie and
   Lisa, and other friends. A cooler of breakfast sandwiches — with the
   choice of sausage, egg and cheese and ham, egg and cheese — as well as
   Teeter’s famous chicken dip rounded out the early morning tailgate
   spread.

   The Teeters and Sullivans hold season tickets for SU football. They
   make the drive to home games from Utica with their SU-themed cups and
   orange paraphernalia always in tow. Throughout their time as
   tailgaters, the Teeters, Sullivans and their friends have experimented
   with different dishes from grilled goods to brisket and low country
   boils. Their game day menu is always different, Bob said.

   For the Teeters and Sullivans, the atmosphere of the Dome and energy of
   the crowd are the best part of SU games. Though Bob and Tim didn’t
   graduate from SU, their love for local college football is enough to
   keep bringing them back season after season.

   “I think I’ve had season tickets for 12 years now,” Bob said. “We
   tailgate together for the season tickets, so we’ll be together. And
   then some other friends will come and join us, so we might have 15 or
   20 here.”

   The Cook
   Fred Flagg at the Limp Lizard Barbecue food truck | Emily Steinberger,
   Senior Staff Photographer

   Fred Flagg at the Limp Lizard Barbecue food truck | Emily Steinberger,
   Senior Staff Photographer

   While the tailgaters enjoyed their home cooked goodies, Fred Flagg was
   parked in front of Link Hall preparing to cook hot dogs and hamburgers
   for the pre-game crowd. Flagg is a cook, but also does assorted odd
   jobs, specifically at the Limp Lizard Barbecue food truck. Four hours
   before the game, Flagg cleaned and prepped the flat grill and cooking
   space. He said he arrives early to prepare for the inevitable rush of
   fans about an hour before the game starts.

   Flagg was preparing Limp Lizard’s walking tacos, one of the truck’s
   specialties. The dish includes taco meat, lettuce, tomato and cheese
   all tossed inside a bag of Doritos. In the four hours between the
   truck’s arrival and the beginning of the game, Flagg said he expected
   to stock up on any supplies and ready the space for customers.

   Though he’s worked at Limp Lizard for only a year, Flagg has been in
   the restaurant industry for over 40. He said the biggest difference
   between working in a food truck and working in a restaurant is that
   people ordering from the truck don’t have time to wait. Flagg said
   staying focused and knowing what he’s doing make him successful while
   on the job.

   “I’m almost 60 now, I’ve been doing this since I was 17. So you learn
   something in that time,” Flagg said. “It’s fun. As long as you know
   what you’re doing, you stay focused, get some people out and keep them
   happy.”

   The Volunteer
   Salvation Army volunteer Kiana Williams | Emily Steinberger, Senior
   Staff Photographer

   Salvation Army volunteer Kiana Williams | Emily Steinberger, Senior
   Staff Photographer

   Anyone passing by the Dome Saturday could hear the delicate, persistent
   sound of the Salvation Army’s bells. Kiana Williams, who works for the
   organization through the Booth House teen shelter, said the Salvation
   Army was volunteering at SU as part of a food drive for food insecurity
   in central New York.

   In the six years that Williams has been with the organization, she said
   that SU has been generous to the Salvation Army’s causes. Williams
   herself is in the process of becoming a social work student at Falk
   College, and said she was glad the organization and school have
   maintained a partnership for donations, especially since the pandemic
   has impacted poverty rates locally, she said.

   “So many people are struggling, especially after COVID. A lot more
   families have been pushed into poverty, so it’s more needed now than
   ever,” Williams said. “We get donation calls from Syracuse alum or
   former Syracuse students all the time … so I’m actually expecting this
   to be a really good turnout for our shelter.”

   Even though Williams was working on the Quad for Salvation Army, she
   also said she, as a lifelong Syracuse resident, was excited to see if
   SU will continue their momentum throughout the football season. Between
   the work as a volunteer and as a fan, Williams said she was expecting a
   good donation yield for the Salvation Army, and for the football team
   to go 3-0.

   The Football Family
   The Jackson Family | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   The Jackson Family | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   The Jackson family drove up to Syracuse from Pittsburgh at 4 a.m. for
   the game. Derrick Jackson, whose son, Courtney, is a wide receiver for
   SU’s football team, has attended almost all of Courtney’s games this
   season. For the Purdue game, Courtney’s siblings Chan, Bray and Blake
   tagged along.

   Despite feeling tired from the drive, the family said they were excited
   to watch the game, and to catch up and wish Courtney well afterwards.
   Derrick said the family would have to leave soon after the game to
   drive back to Pittsburgh — Blake and Bray, who also play football, had
   a game the next day.

   The Jacksons are planning on coming to the rest of the games this
   season, though they jokingly hoped for more games that start later in
   the day. The family often goes to the locker room to see Jackson after
   the game.

   “We hang out with (Courtney) a little bit, you know, give him our well
   wishes and then we jump back on the road,” Derrick said. “Right now,
   this is all about having fun.”

   The Proposal
   Donato Fraioli | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   Donato Fraioli | Emily Steinberger, Senior Staff Photographer

   Elsewhere on campus, a white wedding altar decorated in faux flowers
   and tulle flanked the Kissing Bench outside of the Hall of Languages. A
   red carpet led up to the bench, where Donato Fraioli was preparing to
   propose to his girlfriend.

   Fraioli has been with his girlfriend since they met seven years ago
   when they were both SU students. The couple kissed on the bench during
   their time at the school, and Fraioli, who has a video of their kiss,
   planned his proposal idea around that.

   “I’ve got actually a little video of us kissing on this bench seven
   years ago,” Fraioli said. “She’s gonna see it on an iPad, I’m gonna
   have a random person bring it over to her, and then hopefully she’ll
   just, you know, walk up.”

   With help from his brother, Fraioli was able to surprise his
   girlfriend, first with the video and then by leading her to the
   decorated Kissing Bench to recreate the moment. After seven years
   together, Fraioli said that Saturday was finally “the day” to propose.
   The weather and timing worked out perfectly, he said,

   When the time came for Fraioli to pop the question, Ed Sheeran’s
   “Thinking Out Loud” wafted over the scene. She said yes.

   Reporting for this article was contributed by Emily Steinberger.

   Published on September 18, 2022 at 11:22 pm
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Email

   Ad: 300 x 250
   Section Sponsor
   Most Recent
   Twitter Feed

Latest Tweets

Follow @dailyorange for breaking news and more

   Latest Tweets from The Daily Orange

Top Stories

   [updated20221206_MBB-12.6-firsthalf_ArthurMaiorella_Photographer_036.pn
   g]

   Men's Basketball

Syracuse overcomes early struggles, fends off Boston College in 79-65 win

   By Anish Vasudevan | December 31, 2022

   Syracuse found tertiary scorers in stretches, forced BC to turn the
   ball over and helped Edwards on the glass. Joe Girard III led all
   players with 24 points while Benny Williams finished third for the
   Orange with 16 in SU’s final game of 2022. Read more »

   [UPDATEDIMG_8871.png]

   Football

Syracuse falls to Minnesota 28-20 in Pinstripe Bowl to conclude once-hopeful
season

   By Connor Smith | December 29, 2022

   After a 6-0 start to the season, Syracuse finished the year 7-6 with a
   disappointing 28-20 loss to Minnesota in the Pinstripe Bowl. Garrett
   Shrader finished 32-for-51 for 329 passing yards. Read more »

   [IMG_52811.jpg]

   Music Column

SZA delivers more experimental, angrier return with 'SOS'

   By Anish Vasudevan | December 21, 2022

   After a five year hiatus, SZA returns with “SOS”, an arguably better
   album than “Ctrl.” Read more »

News

     * On Campus
     * City
     * Crime
     * State
     * National
     * Coronavirus
     * Acts of Hate
     * #NotAgainSU
     * SUNY-ESF
     * Obituary
     * Interstate 81
     * Student Association
     * Graduate Students

Culture

     * Slice of Life
     * From the Kitchen
     * Beyond the Hill
     * From the Stage
     * From the Studio

Sports

     * Men's Basketball
     * Women's Basketball
     * Football
     * Men's Lacrosse
     * Women's Lacrosse
     * Softball
     * Men's Soccer
     * Women's Soccer
     * Field Hockey
     * Ice Hockey
     * Rowing
     * Track &amp; Field
     * Tennis
     * Volleyball
     * Cross Country

Opinion

     * Editorial Board
     * Columns
     * Guest Column
     * Letters to the Editor
     * Black Voices
     * Latinx Voices
     * International Voice
     * LGBTQ+ Voices
     * Listen to Stories of Survivors
     * Absence of Light
     * Syracuse Community

Media

     * Podcasts
     * Videos
     * Galleries

Tools

     * About
     * Alumni
     * Ad Rates
     * Contact
     * RSS Feed

   E-mail Newsletter
   ____________________ Submit
   Email Format
     * (*) html
     * ( ) text
     * ( ) mobile

   Donate!

   The Daily Orange is Syracuse University’s independent student news
   organization. Donating today will help ensure that the paper stays run
   by its student staff.

   230 Euclid Avenue, Syracuse, NY 13210

   315 443 2315

   © 2023 The Daily Orange Corporation

   x
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-11">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-12">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PCVCHHT

   Go to contents

     * 로그인
     * 회원가입
     * 구독신청
     * 보이스 뉴스
     * PDF

     * 스포츠동아
     * VODA
     * VOSS
     * 비즈N
     * 우먼동아
     * [btn_donga.png]

THE DONG-A ILBO Logo

Editions

   ENGLISH
     * 한국어
     * 日本語
     * 中文 (簡体)
     * 中文 (繁体)

     * Headline News
     * Business
     * National
     * Politics
     * International
     * Sports
     * Culture
     * Editorial
     * Op-ed

   ____________________ Search

Feeling friendly to a stranger

     * Font size down
     * Font size up

   한국어
     * Share this article on Facebook
     * Share this article on Twitter

Feeling friendly to a stranger

   Posted September. 24, 2022 07:27,

   Updated September. 24, 2022 07:27
   Feeling friendly to a stranger. September. 24, 2022 07:27. by Yang-Hwan
   Jung ray@donga.com.
   It surely is one of the most overwhelming book titles I've encountered
   this year. The author says you should make the first move and "talk to
   a stranger" when it would feel uncomfortable even to be talked to by a
   stranger. I don't even tell my kids to talk to strangers first. I just
   know that I would never be able to do what the author recommends even
   if what he says is completely right and convincing.
   The writer must have predicted reactions such as I had. As a freelance
   journalist operating in the U.S., he says the conversation with a
   stranger is not just a way of life but a survival strategy. He even
   says that humanity has evolved by welcoming, communicating, and
   building relationships with strangers. At this point when he invokes
   our great forefathers, it's hard not to reconsider what he has to say.
   It is challenging to talk to someone you don't know in a society where
   people are busy staring into their smartphones in the subway and
   elsewhere. You might even be wrongfully accused of being a pervert or a
   crazy person. The author, however, insists that if you look into that
   stranger's eyes, find petty stuff in common, and successfully make a
   conversation, then a "whole new world" will unfold in front of you,
   just like in a movie. The author believes that deep down, everyone
   wants to be talked to.
   The book's publisher may disagree, but if you are busy, you can skip
   Parts 1 and 2 and just read Part 3 to get the gist. Despite numerous
   appealing sentences, the first two parts have no distinct conclusions
   so that you may think, "so what?" Part 3, however, contains the
   author's anecdotal experiences of talking to strangers. They are pretty
   helpful as they offer you the tips and right "skills" to strike a
   successful conversation with a stranger. The author has a knack for
   making you laugh at first and then inspiring you right on with those
   anecdotes.
   As I said, even though what the author says is convincing, it may be
   difficult to implement immediately. The world would be perfect if
   everything were so easy to follow. Still, those passers-by you
   encounter on the bus or on the street may feel different once you
   finish the book. At the end of the day, we are all lonely individuals
   isolated on each of our own islands. One day, I will talk to a stranger
   first, with the help of propranolol, of course.
     * Font size down
     * Font size up

   한국어
     * Share this article on Facebook
     * Share this article on Twitter

   It surely is one of the most overwhelming book titles I've encountered
   this year. The author says you should make the first move and "talk to
   a stranger" when it would feel uncomfortable even to be talked to by a
   stranger. I don't even tell my kids to talk to strangers first. I just
   know that I would never be able to do what the author recommends even
   if what he says is completely right and convincing.
   The writer must have predicted reactions such as I had. As a freelance
   journalist operating in the U.S., he says the conversation with a
   stranger is not just a way of life but a survival strategy. He even
   says that humanity has evolved by welcoming, communicating, and
   building relationships with strangers. At this point when he invokes
   our great forefathers, it's hard not to reconsider what he has to say.
   It is challenging to talk to someone you don't know in a society where
   people are busy staring into their smartphones in the subway and
   elsewhere. You might even be wrongfully accused of being a pervert or a
   crazy person. The author, however, insists that if you look into that
   stranger's eyes, find petty stuff in common, and successfully make a
   conversation, then a "whole new world" will unfold in front of you,
   just like in a movie. The author believes that deep down, everyone
   wants to be talked to.
   The book's publisher may disagree, but if you are busy, you can skip
   Parts 1 and 2 and just read Part 3 to get the gist. Despite numerous
   appealing sentences, the first two parts have no distinct conclusions
   so that you may think, "so what?" Part 3, however, contains the
   author's anecdotal experiences of talking to strangers. They are pretty
   helpful as they offer you the tips and right "skills" to strike a
   successful conversation with a stranger. The author has a knack for
   making you laugh at first and then inspiring you right on with those
   anecdotes.
   As I said, even though what the author says is convincing, it may be
   difficult to implement immediately. The world would be perfect if
   everything were so easy to follow. Still, those passers-by you
   encounter on the bus or on the street may feel different once you
   finish the book. At the end of the day, we are all lonely individuals
   isolated on each of our own islands. One day, I will talk to a stranger
   first, with the help of propranolol, of course.
   Yang-Hwan Jung ray@donga.com

DongA.com Most Viewed

     * 최재성 “이재명, 지지율 더 많이 까먹어…첼리스트 사건이 정말 커”
     * “차가 너무 더러워”…셀프 세차 거부 당한 사연에 갑론을박
     * “저 결혼 안 합니다” 비혼 지원금 1호 수혜자 나왔다
     * 한동훈, ‘돈봉투 조롱’ 이재명 직격…“뇌물 역할극, 웃기지 않고 괴이”

Headline News

     * ‘Differentiated support should be provided,’ says Pres. Yoon
     * Sales of winter snacks are affected by soaring inflation
     * Britain, France obligate passengers from China to take COVID-19
       test
     * Ronaldo officially joins Saudi Al-Nassr FC
     * Strong entry restrictions against travelers from China

   Former Pope Benedict XVI dies at age 95 Former Pope Benedict XVI dies
   at age 95

Opinion

     * EditorialHighest inflation this year since the financial crisis
     * Op-edWrite sadness and read it as love

     * Headline News
     * Business
     * National
     * Politics
     * International
     * Sports
     * Culture
     * Editorial
     * Op-ed

     * facebook
     * twitter
     * dong-a About Dong-A Ilbo


    Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy  |  Copyright by dongA.com All
    rights reserved.
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-13">
<text>
   #alternate How to Ask a Stranger For Help

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index


   Today’s Paper

   Magazine|How to Ask a Stranger For Help
   https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/05/magazine/how-to-ask-a-stranger-for-h
   elp.html
     * (BUTTON) Give this articleGive this articleGive this article
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON)

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Supported by
   Continue reading the main story

   Tip

How to Ask a Stranger For Help

   It might feel socially risky, but ask anyway. Keep your request simple
   and direct.
     * Send any friend a story
       As a subscriber, you have 10 gift articles to give each month.
       Anyone can read what you share.
       (BUTTON)
       (BUTTON) Give this articleGive this articleGive this article
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON)

   Credit...Illustration by Radio

   By Malia Wollan
   July 5, 2022

   “Asking for help is hardly ever as bad as you imagine it will be,” says
   Vanessa Bohns, a social psychologist and associate professor of
   organizational behavior at Cornell University. For research purposes,
   she and colleagues have sent help-seekers out into cities all over the
   world to request things from 15,000 strangers. Appealing for assistance
   “feels socially risky,” Bohns says. Ask anyway. When asked for help,
   most people are happy to comply. “We are a social species,” Bohns says.
   “We default to being agreeable rather than disagreeable.”

   Keep your request simple and direct. “Don’t offer a million excuses and
   apologies,” she says. To avoid potential rejection, you might feel
   inclined to passively hint at what you need rather than saying it
   outright. Don’t do that. Ask directly for what you need, and if someone
   says no, move on and ask another person. Whether you’re approaching a
   stranger or a friend, it’s always more effective to ask for help in
   person. “Be face to face,” Bohns says. “It’s more emotional.”

   Assume the stranger will help you. In one study, Bohns and a colleague
   had undergraduates approach people they didn’t know and say, “Can I use
   your cellphone to make a call?” Before starting, the undergrads had to
   predict how many people they would have to ask to get three to agree;
   they overestimated by more than 60 percent. It turned out that about
   half the strangers shared their phone. The help-seeker tends to believe
   people will weigh the time and financial costs associated with offering
   assistance, but it turns out saying no is awkward, and most people
   would rather just say yes, even when the request feels ethically
   questionable. In another study, Bohns had people ask strangers to write
   the word “pickle” in a library book. Many were reluctant and
   uncomfortable, but ultimately some 65 percent of them vandalized the
   book anyway.

   Try not to seek help from strangers in a location where others are
   simultaneously approaching them with requests. The only place that
   Bohns found where strangers mostly refused to help was a busy street in
   Toronto frequented by canvassers and petitioners. People steel
   themselves in those kinds of scenarios. “It’s easier to say no when you
   know what’s coming,” she says.

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2023 The New York Times Company

     * NYTCo
     * Contact Us
     * Accessibility
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Canada
     * International
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&amp;gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&amp;gtm_preview=env-130&amp;gtm_cookies_win=x
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-14">
<text>
    #National Today » Feed National Today » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-56ZZKBC

   [tr?id=315068065503197&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

   Skip to content
   (BUTTON) View the calendar
   Dec
   January Holidays
   Feb
   Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat
   1
   2
   3
   4
   5
   6
   7
   8
   9
   10
   11
   12
   13
   14
   15
   16
   17
   18
   19
   20
   21
   22
   23
   24
   25
   26
   27
   28
   29
   30
   31

   Today Monday
   January 2
   [folic-acid-awareness-week.jpg]
   Folic Acid Awareness Week
   Healthy Food
   [Someday-Well-Laugh-About-This-Week-300x300.jpg]
   Someday We'll Laugh About This Week
   FunnyLifestyleMental Health
   [55-mph-Speed-Limit-300x300.jpg]
   55 mph Speed Limit Day
   AmericanConservationSafety
   [2-Ancestry-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Ancestry Day
   CivicFederalHistorical
   [Day-after-New-Years-Day-New-Zealand-300x300.jpg]
   Day after New Year's Day
   ActivitiesCivic
   [happy-mew-year-for-cats-day-300x300.jpg]
   Happy Mew Year for Cats Day
   CatPet
   [National-Buffet-Day-‚Ai-January-2-1-300x300.jpg]
   National Buffet Day
   CookingFood
   [National-Cream-Puff-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Cream Puff Day
   BakingDessertSweet Food
   [5-national-erika-day-300x300.jpg]
   National Erika Day
   AppreciationFun
   [Motivation-and-Inspiration-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Motivation and Inspiration Day
   LifestyleMental HealthWork
   [National-Personal-Trainer-Awareness-Day--300x300.jpg]
   National Personal Trainer Awareness Day
   AwarenessCareerSports
   [National-Pet-Travel-Safety-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Pet Travel Safety Day
   PetSafety
   [national-science-fiction-day-1-300x300.jpg]
   National Science Fiction Day
   BooksMovie
   [National-Thank-God-Its-Monday-Day-1-300x300.jpg]
   National Thank God Its Monday Day
   Crazy
   [1-Reconquest-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Reconquest Day
   HistoricalMilitarySpanish
   [Run-Up-the-Flagpole-and-See-If-Anyone-Salutes-Day-1-300x300.jpg]
   Run Up the Flagpole and See If Anyone Salutes Day
   ActivitiesCrazyLifestyle
   [Saint-Basils-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Saint Basil's Day
   CatholicChristianHistorical
   [Swiss-Cheese-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Swiss Cheese Day
   Cheese
   [1-Tournament-of-Roses-Parade-300x300.jpg]
   Tournament of Roses Parade
   American
   [World-Introvert-Day-300x300.jpg]
   World Introvert Day
   Lifestyle
   [Bryson-Djuan-Tiller-300x300.jpg]
   Bryson Tiller
   R&amp;B Singer
   [Colby-Brock-300x300.jpg]
   Colby Brock
   YouTube Star
   [456840898-min-300x300.jpg]
   Dax Shepard
   [456840923-min-300x300.jpg]
   London Charles
   [20-Taye-Diggs-300x300.jpg]
   Taye Diggs
   [456840920-min-300x300.jpg]
   Tfue
   [Will-Kirby-300x300.jpg]
   Will Kirby
   Doctor
   Holiday search
   Search National Today ____________________ (BUTTON) Submit
   Topics
   Animal
   Appreciation
   Arts &amp; Entertainment
   Birthday
   Cause
   Cultural
   Federal
   Food &amp; Beverage
   Fun
   Health
   Relationship
   Religious
   Special Interest

   (BUTTON) Menu
     * Today
     * Tomorrow
     * Birthdays
          + January
          + February
          + March
          + April
          + May
          + June
          + July
          + August
          + September
          + October
          + November
          + December
     * Holidays
          + Animals
          + Arts &amp; Entertainment
          + Cause
          + Cultural
          + Federal
          + Food &amp; Beverage
          + Health
          + Relationships
          + Religious
          + Special Interest
     * Month
          + January
          + February
          + March
          + April
          + May
          + June
          + July
          + August
          + September
          + October
          + November
          + December
     * Create A Holiday

   Log in Sign up
   (BUTTON) Search
   Search National Today ____________________ (BUTTON) Submit

Got an idea for a holiday? Send it to us

   Submit Now

   Share
   Tweet
   Pin
   Share
   Tweet
   Pin
   SatSep 16
   Featured
   FriendshipLifestyle

National Sit With a Stranger Day – September 16, 2023

   United States
     * History
     * Timeline
     * FAQs
     * Importance
     * Celebrate

   National Sit with a Stranger Day is observed on September 16 of each
   year in the U.S. The day was created in a bid to encourage people of
   all ages and gender to strike up a conversation with a random stranger
   for the sole purpose of seeing things from the perspective of others.

   In an era where lockdowns have become the norm, National Sit with a
   Stranger Day was created by the B.DOPE L.L.C. team, a bottled water
   company that is creating a catalyst for optimism, encouragement, and
   relationships. The day presents a splendid opportunity to start a
   random, friendly conversation with someone and make a new connection.

History of National Sit With a Stranger Day

   A stranger is generally portrayed as an outsider and a figure of
   uncertainty because they could be a friend, an enemy, or both. This
   makes them a potential source of conflict. The origin of the word
   ‘stranger’ can be traced back to the Middle French word ‘estrangier,’
   which meant a foreigner or an alien.

   The term ‘strangers’ was first used about the time that the textile
   industry was beginning to flourish in the 15th century. This was the
   oldest known instance of its use. Strong trading linkages and
   relatively unnoticed immigration caused several settlements to relocate
   from one location to another in pursuit of greener pastures. By the
   16th century, new European areas like the Netherlands, Belgium, and
   France had begun to create goods that were both cheaper and of a higher
   quality than those produced in older European nations.

   Because of this, another migration took place, during which skilled
   immigrants moved to areas that were abundant in textile materials and
   began instructing local employees on how to manufacture new sorts of
   cloth. The high level of workmanship and originality displayed by the
   skilled immigrants prompted city authorities in England to write a
   letter to Queen Elizabeth I pleading for the monarch’s authorization to
   allow immigrant workers to permanently stay in England. In addition,
   the political climate in Spain at the time was hostile against
   Protestants, which led thousands of people to leave the country in
   search of religious freedom in other countries.

   In the year 1565, the city of Norwich granted permission to Protestant
   refugees from the Spanish Netherlands to settle so that they could help
   the city’s textile industry. The rapid expansion of the ‘stranger’
   community led to the city of Norwich having over 4,000 Dutch and
   Walloon residents by the year 1620. This represented approximately
   one-fourth of the whole population of the city and led to an
   astronomical increase in England’s economic value.

National Sit With a Stranger Day timeline

   15th Century
   The First Strangers

   The textile industry begins to hire immigrants from the Low Countries.
   1565
   The Era of Elizabethan Strangers

   The first group of Protestant refugees settles in and around Norwich.
   1620
   A Textile Bloom

   Skilled immigrants and quality textile merchandise rapidly boost the
   English economy.
   1972
   The Familiar Stranger

   The first paper identifying the benefits of social networks and random
   communication is published by Stanley Milgram.

National Sit With a Stranger Day FAQs

What does it mean when you meet a stranger?

   If you meet someone, you happen to be in the same place as them and
   start talking to them. You may know the other person, but be surprised
   to see them, or you may not know them at all.

How do you safely meet a stranger?

   If you’re planning to meet a stranger for the first time, the first
   step is to stay in communication with someone you know about who you’re
   meeting and where you will be meeting the stranger. If possible, ensure
   your first meeting is in a public place. If you don’t feel very
   comfortable going alone, you can take a friend who can live once it’s
   safe.

How do you talk to a stranger without being awkward?

   To easily engage in conversation, you have to be brave and try not to
   overthink or micro-analyze things. Ask genuine questions and throw in a
   compliment when necessary. Focus on things you both have in common and
   try not to let awkward moments ruin the flow.

National Sit With a Stranger Day Activities

    1.

Visit a public spot
       Find a spot in a park or another public place and take a seat. If
       there's someone nearby, say hello and see if they want to chat. If
       not, enjoy some peace and quiet.
    2.

Join a social conversation
       Join a meetup group or online forum that focuses on meeting new
       people. Attend an event or check out the conversation threads to
       find someone to chat with.
    3.

Make a random connection
       Strike up a conversation with the person sitting next to you on the
       bus, train, or in line at the grocery store. Small talk can be a
       great way to break the ice and get to know someone a little better.

5 Facts About Immigration That Are Mind-Blowing

    1.

There are more immigrant men than women
       Men tend to migrate far more easily due to financial duties, and a
       man will frequently travel to seek better pastures or a means to
       meet family obligations.
    2.

Immigration raises economic output
       According to analysts, foreign-born workers contribute almost two
       trillion dollars to the yearly G.D.P.
    3.

American immigrants are majorly Latino or Asian
       While there is still significant European migration to America,
       approximately 80% of U.S. immigrants are from Latin America and
       Asia.
    4.

The 19th Century saw massive migration
       Based on the current global population, more individuals were
       moving during the end of the 19th century than at present.
    5.

The first green card had green stripes
       The first 'green card,' issued in the 1950s following World War II,
       was a war form printed on green paper.

Why We Love National Sit With a Stranger Day

    1.

It’s a chance to explore and learn
       It's a great way to get out of your comfort zone. Trying something
       new is always a good way to push yourself and grow as a person.
    2.

It’s a great way to meet new people
       It's a fun way to meet new people. You never know who you'll sit
       next to, and you might just make a new friend.
    3.

It fosters community relations
       It's a great way to connect with your community. Getting to know
       your neighbors or people in your town can help create a sense of
       community and connectedness.

National Sit With a Stranger Day dates

   Year     Date        Day
   2023 September 16 Saturday
   2024 September 16 Monday
   2025 September 16 Tuesday
   2026 September 16 Wednesday
   2027 September 16 Thursday
   Aug
   September
   Oct
   Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat

   1
   2
   3
   4
   5
   6
   7
   8
   9
   10
   11
   12
   13
   14
   15
   16
   17
   18
   19
   20
   21
   22
   23
   24
   25
   26
   27
   28
   29
   30
   [European-Mobility-Week-300x300.jpg]
   European Mobility Week
   [oktoberfest-300x300.jpg]
   Oktoberfest
   [4568322-min-300x300.jpg]
   Abergavenny Food Festival
   [Anne-Bradstreet-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Anne Bradstreet Day
   [Batman-300x300.jpg]
   Batman Day
   [Collect-Rocks--300x300.jpg]
   Collect Rocks Day
   [456840882-min-300x300.jpg]
   Feast Portland
   [International-Coastal-Cleanup-Day-300x300.jpg]
   International Coastal Cleanup Day
   [International-Day-for-the-Preservation-of-the-Ozone-Layer-300x300.jpg]
   International Day for the Preservation of the Ozone Layer
   [International-Eat-An-Apple-Day-300x300.jpg]
   International Eat An Apple Day
   [Malaysia-300x300.jpg]
   Malaysia Day
   [24-Maldives-Qaumee-Dhuvas-300x300.jpg]
   Maldives: Qaumee Dhuvas
   [Mayflower-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Mayflower Day
   [mexican-independence-day-300x300.jpg]
   Mexican Independence Day
   [11-Dog-Parent-Appreciation-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National AKC Responsible Dog Ownership Day
   [Frame-182-min-1-300x300.jpg]
   National Boys’ and Girls’ Club Day for Kids
   [Sees-Chocolate-300x300.jpg]
   National Choose Your Chocolate Day
   [National-Cinnamon-Raisin-Bread-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Cinnamon Raisin Bread Day
   [National-Cleanup-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Cleanup Day
   [Dance-300x300.jpg]
   National Dance Day
   [national-guacamole-day-300x300.jpg]
   National Guacamole Day
   [national-gymnastics-day-300x300.jpg]
   National Gymnastics Day
   [National-Play-Doh-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Play-Doh Day
   [National-Sew-a-Jelly-Roll-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Sew a Jelly Roll Day
   [National-Sit-with-a-Stranger-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Sit With a Stranger Day
   [National-Stepfamily-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Stepfamily Day
   [National-Tattoo-Story-Day-300x300.jpg]
   National Tattoo Story Day
   [46-National-Trail-of-Tears-300x300.jpg]
   National Trail of Tears Commemoration Day
   [5-Papua-New-Guinea-Independence-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Papua New Guinea Independence Day
   [Puppy-Mill-Awareness-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Puppy Mill Awareness Day
   [Responsible-Dog-Ownership-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Responsible Dog Ownership Day
   [Stay-Away-From-Seattle-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Stay Away From Seattle Day
   [Teenager-Workout-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Teenager Workout Day
   [Frame-22-min-300x300.jpg]
   Usher Syndrome Awareness Day
   [Working-Parents-Day-300x300.jpg]
   Working Parents Day
   [Barbers-Day-300x300.jpg]
   World Barber Day
   [24-World-Ozone-Day-300x300.jpg]
   World Ozone Day
   (BUTTON) View all September holidays

Want to sponsor this holiday?

   (BUTTON) Learn more

Holidays Straight to Your Inbox

   Every day is a holiday!
   Receive fresh holidays directly to your inbox.
   [svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB2ZXJzaW9uPSIxLjEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9
   yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDQ4IDQ4Ij48Zz48cGF0aCBmaWxsPSIjRUE0Mz
   M1IiBkPSJNMjQgOS41YzMuNTQgMCA2LjcxIDEuMjIgOS4yMSAzLjZsNi44NS02Ljg1QzM1L
   jkgMi4zOCAzMC40NyAwIDI0IDAgMTQuNjIgMCA2LjUxIDUuMzggMi41NiAxMy4yMmw3Ljk4
   IDYuMTlDMTIuNDMgMTMuNzIgMTcuNzQgOS41IDI0IDkuNXoiPjwvcGF0aD48cGF0aCBmaWx
   sPSIjNDI4NUY0IiBkPSJNNDYuOTggMjQuNTVjMC0xLjU3LS4xNS0zLjA5LS4zOC00LjU1SD
   I0djkuMDJoMTIuOTRjLS41OCAyLjk2LTIuMjYgNS40OC00Ljc4IDcuMThsNy43MyA2YzQuN
   TEtNC4xOCA3LjA5LTEwLjM2IDcuMDktMTcuNjV6Ij48L3BhdGg+PHBhdGggZmlsbD0iI0ZC
   QkMwNSIgZD0iTTEwLjUzIDI4LjU5Yy0uNDgtMS40NS0uNzYtMi45OS0uNzYtNC41OXMuMjc
   tMy4xNC43Ni00LjU5bC03Ljk4LTYuMTlDLjkyIDE2LjQ2IDAgMjAuMTIgMCAyNGMwIDMuOD
   guOTIgNy41NCAyLjU2IDEwLjc4bDcuOTctNi4xOXoiPjwvcGF0aD48cGF0aCBmaWxsPSIjM
   zRBODUzIiBkPSJNMjQgNDhjNi40OCAwIDExLjkzLTIuMTMgMTUuODktNS44MWwtNy43My02
   Yy0yLjE1IDEuNDUtNC45MiAyLjMtOC4xNiAyLjMtNi4yNiAwLTExLjU3LTQuMjItMTMuNDc
   tOS45MWwtNy45OCA2LjE5QzYuNTEgNDIuNjIgMTQuNjIgNDggMjQgNDh6Ij48L3BhdGg+PH
   BhdGggZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgZD0iTTAgMGg0OHY0OEgweiI+PC9wYXRoPjwvZz48L3N2Zz4K]
   Log In With Google
     * 6,489 Days celebrated
     * 19,467 Ways to celebrate
     * 1,000,000+ Happy users

About us

     * Our Mission
     * Our Story

Resources

     * For Businesses
     * For Journalists
     * For Brands
     * For Influencers
     * FAQs
     * News

Contact Us

     * Submit a Holiday
     * Promote an Event
     * Work With Us
     * Submit an Error

Our Services

     * Create A Holiday
     * Sponsor A Holiday
     * Data Licensing

Months

     * January
     * February
     * March
     * April
     * May
     * June
     * July
     * August
     * September
     * October
     * November
     * December

Upcoming

     * Today
     * Tomorrow
     * Monday

All Months

     * National Day Calendar

Gifts

     * Reviews and Gift Guides

Shopping Reviews

     * Baby
     * Car
     * Children
     * Health &amp; Fitness
     * Home &amp; Garden
     * Kitchen
     * Pets
     * Sleep
     * Tech
     * Travel

Popular Holidays

     * National Girlfriend Day
     * Day of the Dead
     * National Boyfriend Day
     * National Sons Day
     * Mexican Independence Day
     * Pride Month
     * National Best Friends Day
     * National Daughter Day
     * Thanksgiving
     * World Bicycle Day
     * Labor Day
     * National Dog Day

About National Today

   We keep track of fun holidays and special moments on the cultural
   calendar — giving you exciting activities, deals, local events, brand
   promotions, and other exciting ways to celebrate.

   Survey data is powered by Wisevoter and Scholaroo

Follow us on

     *
     *
     *

   Follow @NatlToday
   Copyright © 2017–2023 by National Today. Privacy policy
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-15">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-16">
<text>
                                403 Forbidden
     __________________________________________________________________

                                    nginx
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-17">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NX5LSK3

   Skip to main content
   The New Yorker
     * Newsletter

   To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories
   (BUTTON) Close Alert
   Sign In
   Search
     * News
     * Books &amp; Culture
     * Fiction &amp; Poetry
     * Humor &amp; Cartoons
     * Magazine
     * Puzzles &amp; Games
     * Video
     * Podcasts
     * Archive
     * Goings On
     * Shop

   (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu

   To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories
   (BUTTON) Close Alert
   The New Yorker

   Page-Turner

Lost in Translation: What the First Line of “The Stranger” Should Be

   By Ryan Bloom
   May 11, 2012
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * Save this story for later.

   Lost in Translation What the First Line of “The Stranger” Should Be
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * Save this story for later.

   For the modern American reader, few lines in French literature are as
   famous as the opening of Albert Camus’s “L’Étranger”: “Aujourd’hui,
   maman est morte.” Nitty-gritty tense issues aside, the first sentence
   of “The Stranger” is so elementary that even a schoolboy with a base
   knowledge of French could adequately translate it. So why do the pros
   keep getting it wrong?

   Within the novel’s first sentence, two subtle and seemingly minor
   translation decisions have the power to change the way we read
   everything that follows. What makes these particular choices prickly is
   that they poke at a long-standing debate among the literary community:
   whether it is necessary for a translator to have some sort of special
   affinity with a work’s author in order to produce the best possible
   text.

   Arthur Goldhammer, translator of a volume of Camus’s Combat editorials,
   calls it “nonsense” to believe that “good translation requires some
   sort of mystical sympathy between author and translator.” While
   “mystical” may indeed be a bit of a stretch, it’s hard to look at
   Camus’s famous first sentence—whether translated by Stuart Gilbert,
   Joseph Laredo, Kate Griffith, or even, to a lesser degree, Matthew
   Ward—without thinking that a little more understanding between author
   and translator may have prevented the text from being colored in ways
   that Camus never intended.

   Stuart Gilbert, a British scholar and a friend of James Joyce, was the
   first person to attempt Camus’s “L’Étranger” in English. In 1946,
   Gilbert translated the book’s title as “The Outsider” and rendered the
   first line as “Mother died today.” Simple, succinct, and incorrect.

   In 1982, both Joseph Laredo and Kate Griffith produced new translations
   of “L’Étranger,” each opting for Gilbert’s revised title, “The
   Stranger,” but preserving his first line. “Mother died today” remained,
   and it wasn’t until 1988 that the line saw a single word changed. It
   was then that American translator and poet Matthew Ward reverted
   “Mother” back to Maman. One word? What’s the big deal? A large part of
   how we view and—alongside the novel’s court—ultimately judge Meursault
   lies in our perception of his relationship with his mother. We condemn
   or set him free based not on the crime he commits but on our assessment
   of him as a person. Does he love his mother? Or is he cold toward her,
   uncaring, even?

   First impressions matter, and, for forty-two years, the way that
   American readers were introduced to Meursault was through the detached
   formality of his statement: “Mother died today.” There is little
   warmth, little bond or closeness or love in “Mother,” which is a
   static, archetypal term, not the sort of thing we use for a living,
   breathing being with whom we have close relations. To do so would be
   like calling the family dog “Dog” or a husband “Husband.” The word
   forces us to see Meursault as distant from the woman who bore him.

   What if the opening line had read, “Mommy died today”? How would we
   have seen Meursault then? Likely, our first impression would have been
   of a child speaking. Rather than being put off, we would have felt pity
   or sympathy. But this, too, would have presented an inaccurate view of
   Meursault. The truth is that neither of these translations—“Mother” or
   “Mommy”—ring true to the original. The French word maman hangs
   somewhere between the two extremes: it’s neither the cold and distant
   “mother” nor the overly childlike “mommy.” In English, “mom” might seem
   the closest fit for Camus’s sentence, but there’s still something
   off-putting and abrupt about the single-syllable word; the two-syllable
   maman has a touch of softness and warmth that is lost with “mom.”

   So how is the English-language translator to avoid unnecessarily
   influencing the reader? It seems that Matthew Ward, the novel’s most
   recent translator, did the only logical thing: nothing. He left Camus’s
   word untouched, rendering the famous first line, “Maman died today.” It
   could be said that Ward introduces a new problem: now, right from the
   start, the American reader is faced with a foreign term, with a
   confusion not previously present. Ward’s translation is clever, though,
   and three reasons demonstrate why his is the best solution.

   First, the French word maman is familiar enough for an English-language
   reader to parse. Around the globe, as children learn to form words by
   babbling, they begin with the simplest sounds. In many languages,
   bilabials such as “m,” “p,” and “b,” as well as the low vowel “a,” are
   among the easiest to produce. As a result, in English, we find that
   children initially refer to the female parent as “mama.” Even in a
   language as seemingly different as Mandarin Chinese, we find māma; in
   the languages of Southern India we get amma, and in Norwegian, Italian,
   Swedish, and Icelandic, as well as many other languages, the word used
   is “mamma.” The French maman is so similar that the English-language
   reader will effortlessly understand it.

   As the years pass, new generations of American readers, who often first
   encounter Camus’s book in high school, grow more and more removed from
   the novel’s historical context. Utilizing the original French word in
   the first sentence rather than any of the English options also serves
   to remind readers that they are in fact entering a world different from
   their own. While this hint may not be enough to inform the younger
   reader that, for example, the likelihood of a Frenchman in colonial
   Algeria getting the death penalty for killing an armed Arab was slim to
   nonexistent, at least it provides an initial allusion to these
   extra-textual facts.

   Finally, and perhaps most important, the American reader will harbor no
   preconceived notions of the word maman. We will understand it with
   ease, but it will carry no baggage, it will plant no unintended seeds
   in our head. The word will neither sway us to see Meursault as overly
   cold and heartless nor as overly warm and loving. And while some of the
   word’s precision is indeed lost for the English-language reader, maman
   still gives us a more neutral-to-familiar tone than “mother,” one that
   hews closer to Camus’s original.

   So if Matthew Ward finally corrected the mother problem, what exactly
   has he, and the other translators, gotten wrong? Writing of “The
   Stranger” ’s first line in the Guardian, Guy Dammann says, “Some
   openers are so prescient that they seem to burn a hole through the rest
   of the book, the semantic resonance recurring with the persistence of
   the first theme in Beethoven’s fifth symphony.”

   The linguistic fluency of any good translator tells them that,
   syntactically, “Aujourd’hui, maman est morte,” is not the most fluid
   English sentence. So rather than the more literal translation, “Today,
   Mother has died,” we get, “Mother died today,” which is the smoother,
   more natural rendering. But the question is: In changing the sentence’s
   syntax, are we also changing its logic, its “mystical” deeper meaning?

   The answer is a resounding oui!

   Rendering the line as “Mother died today” completely neglects a
   specific ordering of ideas that offer insight into Meursault’s inner
   psyche. Throughout the course of the novel, the reader comes to see
   that Meursault is a character who, first and foremost, lives for the
   moment. He does not consciously dwell on the past; he does not worry
   about the future. What matters is today. The single most important
   factor of his being is right now.

   Not far behind, though, is Maman. Reflective of Camus’s life, Meursault
   shares a unique relationship with his mother, due in part to her
   inability to communicate (Camus’s own mother was illiterate, partially
   deaf, and had trouble speaking). Both Camus and Meursault yearn for
   Maman, for her happiness and love, but find the expression of these
   emotions difficult. Rather than distancing mother from son, though,
   this tension puts Maman at the center of her son’s life. As the book
   opens, the loss of Maman places her between Meursault’s ability to live
   for today and his recognition of a time when there will no longer be a
   today.

   This loss drives the action of the novel, leading inexorably to the
   end, the final period, the thing that hangs over all else: death. Early
   in the book, Camus links the death of Meursault’s mother with the
   oppressive, ever-present sun, so that when we get to the climactic
   beach scene, we see the symbolism: sun equals loss of mother, sun
   causes Meursault to pull the trigger. In case we don’t get it, though,
   Camus makes the connection explicit, writing, “It was the same sun as
   on the day I buried Maman and, like then, my forehead especially was
   hurting me, all of the veins pulsating together beneath the skin.” As
   the trigger gives way, so, too, does today, the beginning—through the
   loss of Maman—succumb to death, the end.

   The ordering of words in Camus’s first sentence is no accident: today
   is interrupted by Maman’s death. The sentence, the one we have yet to
   see correctly rendered in an English translation of “L’Étranger,”
   should read: “Today, Maman died.”

   Photograph by Henri Cartier-Bresson/Magnum.

   More:Camus

Books &amp; Fiction

   Get book recommendations, fiction, poetry, and dispatches from the
   world of literature in your in-box. Sign up for the Books &amp; Fiction
   newsletter.
   E-mail address
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Sign up

   By signing up, you agree to our User Agreement and Privacy Policy &amp;
   Cookie Statement.
   Read More
   Mazoltuv Borukhova and Mikhail Mallayev in Queens Supreme Court
   a-reporter-at-large
   Iphigenia in Forest Hills
   Anatomy of a murder trial.

   By Janet Malcolm
   Lyndon Johnson and John F. Kennedy walking out of a hotel
   annals-of-history
   The Day L.B.J. Took Charge
   Lyndon Johnson and the events in Dallas.

   By Robert A. Caro
   Painting of a woman wearing a red shirt
   a-reporter-at-large
   A Loaded Gun
   A mass shooter’s tragic past.

   By Patrick Radden Keefe
   Twenty-seven years after a friend’s murder, Andy Rosenzweig found
   himself revisiting the scene of the crime.
   annals-of-crime
   A Cold Case
   Suddenly, a New York cop remembered a long-ago murder.

   By Philip Gourevitch

   The New Yorker

   (BUTTON) Sections
     * News
     * Books &amp; Culture
     * Fiction &amp; Poetry
     * Humor &amp; Cartoons
     * Magazine
     * Crossword
     * Video
     * Podcasts
     * Archive
     * Goings On

   (BUTTON) More
     * Customer Care
     * Shop The New Yorker
     * Buy Covers and Cartoons
     * Condé Nast Store
     * Digital Access
     * Newsletters
     * Jigsaw Puzzle
     * RSS

     * About
     * Careers
     * Contact
     * F.A.Q.
     * Media Kit
     * Press
     * Accessibility Help
     * Condé Nast Spotlight

   © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
   acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie
   Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. The New Yorker may earn a
   portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as
   part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this
   site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or
   otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
   Ad Choices
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   (BUTTON) Do Not Sell My Personal Info
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-18">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-19">
<text>


   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5P3SZGS

   (BUTTON)
   Menu
   Verywell Mind
   How to Talk to a Stranger
     * Mental Health A-Z
          + Addiction
          + ADHD
          + Bipolar Disorder
          + Depression
          + Race and Identity
          + PTSD
          + View All
     * Self-Improvement
          + Stress Management
          + Happiness
          + Meditation
          + Brain Health
          + Relationships
          + Online Therapy
          + View All
     * Psychology
          + Theories
          + History and Biographies
          + Student Resources
          + Therapy
          + Emotions
          + Sleep and Dreaming
          + View All
     * Podcast
          + Self-Improvement
          + Motivation
          + Mental Strength
          + Family &amp; Relationships
          + Anxiety &amp; Depression
          + Addiction
          + View All
     * News
          + Coronavirus
          + Mental Health
          + Verywell Mind Insights
          + The Winter Issue
     * About Us
          + Editorial Process
          + Meet Our Review Board
          + Crisis Support

   (BUTTON) Search
   (BUTTON) Search (BUTTON) Clear ____________________ (BUTTON) GO
   More in Social Anxiety Disorder
     * Treatment and Therapy
          + Social Skills
     * Symptoms
     * Diagnosis
     * Coping
     * Work and School
     * Related Conditions

   View More

     * Mental Health A-Z
          + Addiction
          + ADHD
          + Bipolar Disorder
          + Depression
          + Race and Identity
          + PTSD
          + View All
     * Self-Improvement
          + Stress Management
          + Happiness
          + Meditation
          + Brain Health
          + Relationships
          + Online Therapy
          + View All
     * Psychology
          + Theories
          + History and Biographies
          + Student Resources
          + Therapy
          + Emotions
          + Sleep and Dreaming
          + View All
     * Podcast
          + Self-Improvement
          + Motivation
          + Mental Strength
          + Family &amp; Relationships
          + Anxiety &amp; Depression
          + Addiction
          + View All
     * News
          + Coronavirus
          + Mental Health
          + Verywell Mind Insights
          + The Winter Issue
          + View All

     * About Us
     * Editorial Process
     * Privacy Policy
     * Contact Us

   Verywell Health
   Verywell Fit
   Verywell Family
   Verywell Mind's content is for informational and educational purposes
   only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional
   medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
   TRUSTe
   Ⓒ 2023 Dotdash Media, Inc. — All rights reserved

   IFRAME: about:blank

   Social Anxiety Disorder
   Treatment and Therapy
   Social Skills

How to Talk to a Stranger

   By
   Arlin Cuncic
   Arlin Cuncic Arlin Cuncic
   Arlin Cuncic
   Arlin Cuncic, MA, is the author of "Therapy in Focus: What to Expect
   from CBT for Social Anxiety Disorder" and "7 Weeks to Reduce Anxiety."
   Learn about our editorial process
   Updated on March 22, 2022
   Medically reviewed
   Verywell Mind articles are reviewed by board-certified physicians and
   mental healthcare professionals. Medical Reviewers confirm the content
   is thorough and accurate, reflecting the latest evidence-based
   research. Content is reviewed before publication and upon substantial
   updates. Learn more.
   by
   Amy Morin, LCSW, Editor-in-Chief
   Amy Morin Amy Morin
   Medically reviewed by Amy Morin, LCSW, Editor-in-Chief
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter

   Amy Morin, LCSW, is the Editor-in-Chief of Verywell Mind. She's also a
   psychotherapist, the author of the bestselling book "13 Things Mentally
   Strong People Don't Do," and the host of The Verywell Mind Podcast.

   For media or public speaking inquiries, contact Amy here.
   Learn about our Medical Review Board
   (BUTTON) Print
   Woman interested in starting a conversation with a stranger. Woman
   interested in starting a conversation with a stranger.
   Strangers can be excellent potential conversation partners. Getty /
   Franek Strzeszewsk
   Table of Contents
   View All
   Table of Contents
     * Comment on Something Personal
     * Ask If You've Met Before
     * Break the Ice With Humor
     * Keep the Conversation Going
     * Cope With Conversation Challenges

   Some people can strike up a conversation with anyone—even complete
   strangers. But many others find it difficult to talk to a stranger.
   This can be particularly stressful if you have social anxiety disorder
   (SAD). But even if social small talk is hard for you, it is possible to
   improve your conversational skills and feel more comfortable talking
   with strangers. The best way to do this is to practice.

   Your initial goal is to make an introductory statement, which does not
   have to be complex. The point of that first comment is to open the
   door, and to give you the chance to say something else once the person
   responds.
   Starting a Conversation If You Have Social Anxiety

Comment on Something Personal

   You'll find that everyone you meet has something unique about
   them—an item of jewelry, an unusual shirt, or even a tattoo. These tell
   a story about a person. When you notice and compliment them, it can
   give you a starting point for conversation.

   For example, you could initiate a conversation by saying:
     * "Wow, that is a beautiful pendant. What kind of stone is that?"
     * "Nice shirt! You're a Grateful Dead fan?"
     * "Is that a tattoo of Yoda on your shoulder?"

   Avoid commenting on intimate aspects of a person's appearance, such as
   asking, "Is that your real hair color?" or "Wow, you must work out a
   lot!"

   After you receive a response, make sure you have something else to say.
   That will give you a common platform on which to build a conversation
   and, ultimately, a relationship with the person you've just met, even
   if the relationship only lasts a few minutes.

   Offer a follow-up story that reveals a bit of personal information
   about you. For example, when the person responds to your initial
   question, you could follow up with something like:
     * "I saw a pendant like that at a bazaar in India."
     * "My father was a real Deadhead. He took me to see them when I was a
       kid."
     * "I love tattoos. I've been thinking of getting one but I'm not sure
       what to get. How did you decide on Yoda?"

   These statements will help connect you to the person and keep the
   conversation moving. Remember, the goal is not to say the perfect thing
   or to come across a certain way, but to keep talking.
   How to Ask Small Talk Follow-Up Questions

Ask If You've Met Before

   This classic conversation starter can work in the right circumstances.
   If you say to someone, "You seem really familiar, do I know you from
   somewhere?" it makes it easier to gather and give information and keep
   a conversation going.

   For example, if you ask someone where they went to high school and it
   turns out you went to the same school, you could follow up by offering
   a fact like, "I was in the marching band. Did you play an instrument?"

   If you ask someone where they work and realize that you have seen them
   there, it gives you the opportunity to make a connection: "I love that
   Starbucks!"

   As the other person is giving information about themselves to you, it's
   OK to go off on interesting tangents. Remember: the goal is not to find
   out if you've met before, it's to get to know the other person.

Break the Ice With Humor

   Another great way to start a conversation with the people around you is
   to simply comment on your shared surroundings. A little humor works
   great here.

   For example, if you are sitting in a lecture hall and notice that your
   professor looks familiar, you could say to the person next to you,
   "Doesn't he look a bit like Harry Potter?"

   Keep your commentary positive—never mean-spirited or judgmental. You
   want the other person to feel comfortable getting in on the joke with
   you. You could follow up on your previous comment about your professor
   with something like, "I wonder where Hedwig is?"

   Humor is difficult with someone you don't know well, which means using
   this method to start a conversation can be risky. However, if you do
   find someone who shares your sense of humor, it can be the start of a
   great friendship.

   If you don't receive a positive response from one person, the method
   might work with someone else. The more you practice, the easier it will
   be to talk to a person you don't know. With time, you'll become more
   confident and won't need to rely on tricks to get a conversation
   started and keep it going.
   Small Talk Topics

Keep the Conversation Going

   You might participate less in a conversation because your anxiety makes
   you too uncomfortable and self-conscious or because you don't have
   experience making conversation. But a 2016 study showed that people
   with social anxiety tend not to contribute equally to conversations. As
   a result, they are less well-liked than others.

   So it's important to hold up your end of a conversation once you start
   it. Many people can do this with people they know, but they are
   self-conscious with strangers. Their anxiety holds them back and
   prevents them from being their true selves.

Cope With Conversation Challenges

   Lacking certain social skills can inhibit your ability to engage others
   in conversation, especially if it makes you seem unfriendly. For
   example, research shows that people with social anxiety tend to make
   less eye contact during conversation.

   Working on making and keeping eye contact when you are talking to
   others will help you appear more approachable and friendly. This will
   make it more likely people will respond to your attempts to start a
   conversation.

   If you feel that you don't have the social skills and experience needed
   to be a good conversationalist, self-help books and working with a
   therapist can help you develop them.

   While it's important not to avoid conversations with strangers because
   they make you feel anxious, your safety also matters. Practice talking
   to strangers in safe, public environments where the stakes are low. And
   if you are chatting with someone online, always protect your personal
   information.

A Word From Verywell

   Strategies for starting a conversation and being more comfortable
   around others will work best if you are able to work on and manage your
   underlying anxiety. With time, practice, and the right treatment, you
   can gain confidence and improve your conversation skills. If you have
   social anxiety, you might find that treatment with cognitive-behavioral
   therapy or medication helps you feel more at ease in social settings.
   How to Join a Conversation
   2 Sources
   Verywell Mind uses only high-quality sources, including peer-reviewed
   studies, to support the facts within our articles. Read our editorial
   process to learn more about how we fact-check and keep our content
   accurate, reliable, and trustworthy.
    1. Mein C, Fay N, Page AC. Deficits in joint action explain why
       socially anxious individuals are less well liked. J Behav Ther Exp
       Psychiatry. 2016;50:147-151. doi:10.1016/j.jbtep.2015.07.001
    2. Howell AN, Zibulsky DA, Srivastav A, Weeks JW. Relations among
       social anxiety, eye contact avoidance, state anxiety, and
       perception of interaction performance during a live conversation.
       Cogn Behav Ther. 2016;45(2):111–22.
       doi:10.1080/16506073.2015.1111932

   [GettyImages-185744225-565bbfbe3df78c6ddf5ce370.jpg]

   By Arlin Cuncic
   Arlin Cuncic, MA, is the author of "Therapy in Focus: What to Expect
   from CBT for Social Anxiety Disorder" and "7 Weeks to Reduce Anxiety."
   See Our Editorial Process
   Meet Our Review Board
   Share Feedback
   Was this page helpful?
   Thanks for your feedback!
   What is your feedback?
   (BUTTON) Other (BUTTON) Helpful (BUTTON) Report an Error
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   (BUTTON) Submit
   Related Articles
   Start of a conversation Start of a conversation
   How to Start a Conversation
   Man listening attentively Man listening attentively
   What Is Active Listening?
   Phone anxiety can be related to social anxiety disorder. Phone anxiety
   can be related to social anxiety disorder.
   What Is Phone Anxiety?
   A daily walk can help boost health and reduce social anxiety. A daily
   walk can help boost health and reduce social anxiety.
   Social Anxiety Activities to Get Better
   Woman on phone at night. Woman on phone at night.
   Should I Respond to Negative Comments on Social Media?
   Smiling women standing on city street Smiling women standing on city
   street
   Tips for Dealing With Awkward Conversations
   Ghosting Ghosting
   What Is Ghosting?
   A small business owner talks shop with her colleagues. A small business
   owner talks shop with her colleagues.
   Small Talk Topics
   woman having serious conversation with group woman having serious
   conversation with group
   How to Be Less Self-Conscious in Social Situations
   Passive-aggressive woman Passive-aggressive woman
   What Is Passive-Aggressive Behavior?
   manipulation in relationship manipulation in relationship
   6 Signs of Manipulation in Relationships
   Close-up young women talking, while sitting in bunk bed Close-up young
   women talking, while sitting in bunk bed
   Navigating Dinner Table Topics Starts with Healthy Boundaries
   Types of imposter syndrome Types of imposter syndrome
   What Is Imposter Syndrome?
   two businessmen disagreeing two businessmen disagreeing
   When to Say No to a Bully Boss
   couple sad on the couch couple sad on the couch
   What Is Verbal Abuse?
   They're so used to the blame game already They're so used to the blame
   game already
   How to Deal With a Narcissist
   Verywell Mind
   Daily Tips for a Healthy Mind to Your Inbox

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   You're in!

   Thank you, {{form.email}}, for signing up.

   There was an error. Please try again.
     * Mental Health A-Z
     * Self-Improvement
     * Psychology
     * News
     * Voices
     * The Verywell Mind Podcast

     * Meet Our Review Board
     * About Us
     * Editorial Process
     * Diversity Pledge
     * Privacy Policy
     * In the News
     * Advertise
     * Terms of Use
     * Careers
     * Contact
     * EU Privacy
     * Crisis Support

   Follow Us
     * instagram
     * tiktok
     * facebook
     * flipboard

   Verywell Health
   Verywell Fit
   Verywell Family
   Verywell Mind's content is for informational and educational purposes
   only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional
   medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
   TRUSTe
   Ⓒ 2023 Dotdash Media, Inc. — All rights reserved
   Verywell Mind is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.

   When you visit the site, Dotdash Meredith and its partners may store or
   retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
   Cookies collect information about your preferences and your devices and
   are used to make the site work as you expect it to, to understand how
   you interact with the site, and to show advertisements that are
   targeted to your interests. You can find out more about our use, change
   your default settings, and withdraw your consent at any time with
   effect for the future by visiting Cookies Settings, which can also be
   found in the footer of the site.
   (BUTTON) Cookies Settings (BUTTON) Reject All (BUTTON) Accept All
   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) No Thanks
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-2">
<text>
   #Cleveland.com

   Skip to Article

   (BUTTON) Set weather
   (BUTTON) Back To Main Menu (BUTTON) Close
   Customize Your Weather
   Set Your Location:
   Enter City and State or Zip Code
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Submit
   cleveland’s Logo cleveland’s Logo
   (BUTTON) Subscribe
   News never stops. Neither do we. Support cleveland.com

    1. Police Blotter

Stranger with gun takes smoke break; party band rocks neighbors: Russell
Township Police Blotter

     * Updated: Oct. 14, 2022, 6:28 p.m.|
     * Published: Oct. 14, 2022, 3:40 p.m.

   Russell Township Police car

   Russell Township police car.
   (BUTTON) facebook
   (BUTTON) twitter
   (BUTTON)
   NEW!
   (BUTTON)
   By
     * Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com

   RUSSELL TOWNSHIIP, Ohio

   Suspicious: Stillwater Drive

   Police responded at 10 a.m. Sept. 30 after a resident found an unknown,
   bearded man standing at the end of the resident’s driveway with a gun
   on his hip.

   When the resident asked the man why he was there, the man said he was
   smoking a cigarette. While an officer was en route, the man left in an
   unknown direction.

   Disturbance: Braeburn Lane

   Loud music playing at 9:26 p.m. Sept. 24 kept children from sleeping in
   their home and prompted a complaint.

   An officer responded to the scene and could hear and feel the
   vibrations from the loud bass music coming from a County Line Road
   wedding reception. The hosts agreed with the officer to turn it down
   and said the reception would be over in one hour.

   Disturbance: Hillbrook Drive

   An intoxicated man made a belligerent move toward another party guest
   at 11:30 p.m. Oct. 1, then walked away. Police were called and officers
   found the subject, who then boarded a shuttle bus and was transported
   to his hotel.

   Assistance: Hillbrook Drive

   Police and EMS responded to a report of a woman passed out in a parked
   vehicle at 8:21 a.m. Sept. 28. Upon arrival. they woke her. She said
   she was fine and was taking a nap in between her delivery assignments.

   Assistance: Northwood Road

   Residents asked for and received advice Oct. 3 on what to do about
   receiving mail that is not theirs.

   Suspicious vehicle: Galloway Trail

   After receiving a complaint about a vehicle driving slowly at 11:36
   p.m. Oct. 2, an officer found it and questioned the driver.

   The woman resides in the neighborhood and said she was just driving
   around the block while talking on her phone.

   Read more from the Chagrin Solon Sun.

   If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the
   links on our site, we may receive compensation.

Disclaimer

   Advance Local logo

   Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User
   Agreement, Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement, and Your California
   Privacy Rights (User Agreement updated 1/1/21. Privacy Policy and
   Cookie Statement updated 7/1/2022).

   Cookie Settings

   © 2023 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
   The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed,
   transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written
   permission of Advance Local.

   Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to
   this site.

   Ad Choices Ad Choices
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-20">
<text>
   Skip to Main Content

Loading

   (BUTTON) Close
   Loading
   (BUTTON) Do Not Show Again (BUTTON) Close

   Moses Lake, WA

   Homepage
   ____________________ Search Search
    1. COVID-19
    2. Help for the Homeless
    3. How Do I...
    4. Government
    5. Departments
    6. Visitors
    7. Doing Business

    1. Home
    2. Departments
    3. Police
    4. Crime Prevention
    5. Stranger Danger

Stranger Danger

Who is a Stranger?

     * A stranger is anyone you don't know.
     * Strangers can be men, women or teenagers.
     * If you have never met them before, they are strangers!
     * Although there are kind strangers, some strangers are not always
       kind and some can hurt you.
     * There is no way to tell if someone is good just by looking at them.
       Bad people can pretend to be nice too.
     * Don't be fooled! Just stay away.

When a Stranger tries to talk to you

     * Do not look at them or acknowledge that they have spoken to you,
       ignore them.
     * Walk quickly or run away from them in the opposite direction as
       fast as you can.
     * Go to a home of someone you know or to an area that has a lot of
       people.
     * Tell an adult you can trust about what happened, like a parent, a
       teacher, a police officer, or some other grownup your parents said
       you can talk to.

Keeping Safe Tips

     * Always tell your parents where you are going.
     * Try not to walk anywhere alone. Walk with a friend or two.
     * Don't take shortcuts through the woods or empty lots.
     * Do not get close to strangers. Make sure you have room to run.
     * Don't tell your name or address to a stranger.
     * Know how and when to call 9-1-1.
     * Never open the door to a stranger.
     * Never tell anyone on the phone you are alone.
     * Never take candy, money or gifts from a stranger.
     * Never go with a stranger to help look for a lost pet or play a
       game.
     * Never get into a car with anyone you don't know.
     * If a stranger follows you or grabs for you, yell really loud.
       Shout, "I don't know you," so other people know you are in trouble.
       Fight back and make as much noise as you can.
     * If anyone touches you in a bad way, say "NO" as loudly as you can
       and run away. Tell an adult immediately.
     * Talk to your parents and come up with a secret code word for
       emergencies

When you are at home alone

     * Keep all the doors and windows locked and don't let anyone know you
       are home alone.
     * If someone rings your doorbell, look through a peephole or window
       to see who it is. If you do not recognize them, don't open the
       door! Even if they are saying it is an emergency and they need to
       use to phone or come inside, do not open the door.
     * If someone calls and asks for your parents, do not tell them you
       are home alone. Tell the person your mom or dad can't come to the
       phone right now, but you will take a message and they will return
       the call later. Tell them this even if your parent(s) is gone for
       an hour or more. If you have caller ID and do not recognize the
       name or phone number on the phone, don't answer it.

Stranger Tricks

   Strangers who are bad people and want to hurt you have developed some
   pretty tricky things to do to confuse you and get you alone with them.
     * First, there is the "Help Trick". This is when a stranger asks you
       to help them find a lost pet or maybe asks you for directions to
       get somewhere.
     * The next trick is called the "Emergency Trick". A stranger will
       tell you that there is an emergency in your family and your mom or
       dad asked them to get you. The stranger may even say that your mom
       or dad got hurt.
     * Another trick strangers try is the "Accident Trick". This is when a
       stranger lays on the ground and looks like they have been injured,
       are unconscious, or in pain. Do not go over to the person! They can
       grab you and take you away. Instead, go to someone you know and
       tell them or call 911 for help.
     * The "Animal Trick" is another one that is hard to resist. This is
       when a stranger holds a small animal and invites you to pet it. You
       are close enough for this stranger to discard the animal and grab
       you.
     * The last is called the "Bribe Trick". This is when a stranger
       promises you candy, money or something else of interest. People do
       not give gifts to people they do not know.

Resources

     * Grant County Sex Offenders Watch

    1. Camping Safety
    2. Child Internet Safety
    3. Child Safety and Security
    4. Gym Crime Prevention
    5. Home Security and Safety
    6. Hotel and Motel Safety
    7. Identity Theft
    8. Neighborhood Watch
    9. On the Road Tips
   10. Reporting Suspicious &amp; Criminal Activity
   11. Stranger Danger
   12. Vacation Crime Prevention
   13. Vehicle Theft

   Business
   Licenses
   Water &amp;
   Garbage
   Employment
   Parks, RECREATION &amp; Cultural Services
   Building Permits
   Planning
    1. City of Moses Lake Incorporated 1938

Contact Us

    1. 401 S Balsam
       P.O. Box 1579
       Moses Lake, WA 98837
       Staff Directory

Helpful Links

    1. Current Weather
    2. Employees
    3. Fee Schedule
    4. Municipal Code
    5. Museum &amp; Art Center
    6. Spill Hotline
    7. Water Park

   /QuickLinks.aspx

Using This Site

    1. Home
    2. Accessibility
    3. Site Map
    4. Copyright Notices
    5. Disclaimer
    6. Government Websites by CivicPlus®

   /QuickLinks.aspx

   []
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-21">
<text>
   #The School Of Life » What to Do When a Stranger Annoys You Comments
   Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TDHKDZW

   The School Of Life Logo

     * FOR INDIVIDUALS
       Therapeutic Services
          + Five Steps to Change
          + 1. Psychotherapy
          + 2. Therapeutic Groups
          + 3. Mind and Body
          + 4. Emotional Education
          + 5. Personal Study
          + Retreats
       Shop
          + New In
          +
          + Best Sellers
          + Gifts for less
          + Gifts to Restore
          + Gift Sets
          + Books
          + Book Socials
          + Games &amp; Card Sets
          + For Children
          + Lifestyle
          + Gift Card
          + View All
       App, Articles &amp; Videos
          + App
          + Articles
          + Videos
     * FOR COMPANIES
       For Companies
          + Who We Are
          + What We Offer
          + Our Clients
          + Contact Us
          + [calendar-svgrepo-com.svg] Open Enrolment
     * ABOUT
       About Us
          + Contact

     * (BUTTON) Location Global
          + Amsterdam
          + Berlin
          + Paris
          + Sao Paulo
          + Global
     * Login/Signup Login
     * Basket
     * (BUTTON) Menu

     * (BUTTON) Global
     * Login/Signup

     * Location
          + Amsterdam
          + Berlin
          + Paris
          + Sao Paulo
          + Global
     * FOR INDIVIDUALS
       Therapeutic Services
          + Five Steps to Change
          + 1. Psychotherapy
          + 2. Therapeutic Groups
          + 3. Mind and Body
          + 4. Emotional Education
          + 5. Personal Study
          + Retreats
       Shop
          + New In
          +
          + Best Sellers
          + Gifts for less
          + Gifts to Restore
          + Gift Sets
          + Books
          + Book Socials
          + Games &amp; Card Sets
          + For Children
          + Lifestyle
          + Gift Card
          + View All
       App, Articles &amp; Videos
          + App
          + Articles
          + Videos
     * FOR COMPANIES
       For Companies
          + Who We Are
          + What We Offer
          + Our Clients
          + Contact Us
          + [calendar-svgrepo-com.svg] Open Enrolment
     * ABOUT
       About Us
          + Contact

   (BUTTON) View all themes
     * View All Themes
     * Self-Knowledge
     * Relationships
     * Work
     * Calm
     * Leisure
     * Sociability

   (BUTTON) Browse Articles by Topic

   Page views 14237

   Sociability • Social Virtues

What to Do When a Stranger Annoys You

   In every life, we are constantly confronted with situations where a
   stranger will do something acutely irritating or discomforting: perhaps
   they’ll turn up their music too loudly on the train, or they’ll be
   wiggling their leg maddeningly next to us on the plane. Maybe they’ll
   assign us a room in a hotel that has a strange musty smell or where a
   high pitched whine will be coming out of the air conditioning. In a
   restaurant, we may be given the worst table by the toilets, the bread
   may be stale and, proverbially, a fly may be found floating in the
   soup.

   For many of us, our upbringing and cultural traditions will prepare us
   to say nothing at all in relation to these frustrations, and to forgive
   and overlook our agony instead. We may have emerged from childhood with
   a deep sense that we must – whatever happens – stay quiet and not cause
   a fuss for other people.

   At the same time, we may inwardly twitch and boil. At points, we might
   even explode into sudden unpredictable rage. Though normally shy, we
   might surprise ourselves with the unbounded fury we let loose at the
   car rental resk, the hotel reception and with the hooded teenager in
   the train.

   But neither the silence nor the rage seem, on reflection, to be quite
   the way forward. What we’re ideally searching for is a way to be at
   once polite and honest, or civil and forthright.

   To achieve this, we should – first and foremost – build up a good
   relationship with our own needs. This involves accepting that not
   everything that makes us happy will please others or be honoured as
   especially convenient – but that it can be important to explore and
   hold on to what we want nevertheless. The desire to be unfussy is one
   of the loveliest things in the world, but in order to have a genuinely
   good life, we may sometimes need to be (by the standards of the good
   child we once were) fruitfully and bravely a bit tricky.

   At the same time, in order not to shout, we must hold on, even in very
   challenging situations, to a distinction between what someone does –
   and what they meant to do. Our idea of motives is crucial.
   Unfortunately, we’re seldom very good at perceiving what motives really
   happen to be involved in the incidents that drive us mad. We are easily
   and wildly mistaken. We see intention where there was none and escalate
   and confront when no strenuous or agitated response is warranted.

   Part of the reason why we jump so readily to dark conclusions and
   therefore shout more than we should, is a rather poignant psychological
   phenomenon: self-hatred. The less we like ourselves, the more we appear
   in our own eyes as really rather plausible targets for mockery and
   harm. Why would a drill have started up outside, just as we were
   settling down to work? Why is the room service breakfast not arriving,
   even though we will have to be in a meeting very soon? Why would the
   phone operator be taking so long to find our details? Because there is
   – logically enough – a plot against us. Because we are appropriate
   targets for these kinds of things, because we are the sort of people
   against whom disruptive drilling is legitimately likely to be directed:
   because it’s what we deserve. When we carry an excess of self-disgust
   around with us, operating just below the radar of conscious awareness,
   we’ll constantly seek confirmation from the wider world that we really
   are the worthless people we take ourselves to be.

   The ideal complaint emerges from an unparanoid assumption: they aren’t
   deliberately setting out to irritate us; they haven’t got a plan to
   make us unhappy, they really just haven’t thought about us very much at
   all. We’re able to imagine that they could be quite a nice and
   reasonable person who nevertheless – without thinking about it – has
   upset us profoundly.

   Sorry to be a bore, I’m sure you don’t realise but the back of your
   seat is squashing against my knees.

   Apologies for interrupting, I can’t help overhearing more of your
   conversation than I should.

   I rather love this song as well, but at the moment, I need to get some
   sleep.

   I know it’s not your fault, but a fly does seem to have entangled
   itself in the minestrone.

   The actual words hardly matter, what counts is the lightness of tone
   that comes from an impression of the legitimacy of one’s position and
   of the innocence of those who annoy us most. Viewed in this way,
   complaining is not an insult, it’s an ambitious, authentic and
   ultimately kind attempt to offer someone a small bit of education.
   (BUTTON) Close Index

Browse articles by Topic

     * (BUTTON) Behaviours|Work
     * (BUTTON) Calm
     * (BUTTON) Leisure
     * (BUTTON) Relationships
     * (BUTTON) Relationships|Self-Knowledge
     * (BUTTON) Self-Knowledge
     * (BUTTON) Self-Knowledge|Leisure
     * (BUTTON) Sociability
     * (BUTTON) Uncategorised
     * (BUTTON) Work

   (BUTTON) Behaviours|Work
   (BUTTON) Consumption &amp; Need
   (BUTTON) Calm
   (BUTTON) Anxiety
     * 01. On Being 'Triggered'
     * 02. OCD — and How to Overcome It
     * 03. How Mental Illness Impacts Our Bodies
     * 04. Signs You Might Be Suffering from Complex PTSD
     * 05. On Skin Picking
     * 06. Stoicism and Tigers Who Come to Tea
     * 07. The Seven Most Calming Works of Art in the World
     * 08. After the Storm
     * 09. Thoughts for the Storm
     * 10. Emotional Maturity in a Crisis
     * 11. Preparing for Disaster
     * 12. How to Stop Being Scared All the Time
     * 13. The Ultimate Dark Source of Security
     * 14. What Everybody Really Wants
     * 15. Simplicity &amp; Anxiety
     * 16. A Way Through Panic Attacks
     * 17. Self-Hatred &amp; Anxiety
     * 18. The Question We Should Ask Ourselves When Anxious
     * 19. On Anxiety
     * 20. The True Cause of Dread and Anxiety
     * 21. On Being Scared All the Time
     * 22. The Importance of Having A Breakdown
     * 23. On Asking for Help
     * 24. The Normality of Anxiety Attacks
     * 25. On Panic Attacks

   (BUTTON) Perspective
     * 01. Stop Worrying About Your Reputation
     * 02. You Still Have Time
     * 03. I Will Survive!
     * 04. On Trying to Control the Future
     * 05. A Few Things Still to Be Grateful For
     * 06. No One Knows
     * 07. There is No Happily Ever After
     * 08. The Catastrophe You Fear Will Happen has Already Happened
     * 09. There is Always a Plan B
     * 10. The Consolations of History
     * 11. The Lessons of Nature
     * 12. What Others Think of You - and The Fall of Icarus
     * 13. On the Sublime
     * 14. Gratitude for the Small Things
     * 15. Why ‘Earthrise’ Matters
     * 16. On Flowers
     * 17. The Valuable Idea Behind the Concept of the Day of Judgement
     * 18. The Wisdom of Animals
     * 19. The Lottery of Life
     * 20. Untranslatable Words
     * 21. The Wisdom of Rocks: Gongshi
     * 22. Wu Wei – Doing Nothing 無爲
     * 23. The Faulty Walnut
     * 24. Perspectives on Insomnia
     * 25. On the Wisdom of Space
     * 26. Memento Mori
     * 27. On the Wisdom of Cows
     * 28. On Calming Places
     * 29. Why Small Pleasures Are a Big Deal
     * 30. The Consolations of a Bath
     * 31. The Importance of Staring out the Window
     * 32. Clouds, Trees, Streams
     * 33. On Sunshine

   (BUTTON) Perspective|Leisure
   (BUTTON) Serenity
     * 01. The Wisdom of Dusk
     * 02. The Appeal of Austere Places
     * 03. How to Go to Bed Earlier
     * 04. Why We All Need Quiet Days
     * 05. The Benefits of Provincial Life
     * 06. How to Live in a Hut
     * 07. For Those Who (Privately) Aspire to Become More Reclusive
     * 08. The Hard Work of Being 'Lazy'
     * 09. Expectations - and the 80/20 Rule
     * 10. Taking It One Day at a Time
     * 11. Spirituality for People who Hate Spirituality
     * 12. How to Spill A Drink Down One’s Front - and Survive
     * 13. How To Stop Worrying Whether or Not They Like You
     * 14. On Soothing
     * 15. What Is Wrong with Modern Times - and How to Regain Wisdom
     * 16. The Disaster of Anthropocentrism - and the Promise of the
       Transcendent
     * 17. On Needing to Find Something to Worry About — Why We Always
       Worry for No Reason
     * 18. How We Are Easily, Too Easily, 'Triggered'
     * 19. Hypervigilance
     * 20. If The Worst Came to the Worst...
     * 21. The Wonders of an Ordinary Life
     * 22. In Praise of the Quiet Life
     * 23. The Pursuit of Calm
     * 24. Insomnia and Philosophy

   (BUTTON) Leisure
   (BUTTON) Art/Architecture
     * 01. Albrecht Dürer and his Pillows
     * 02. On the Consolations of Home | Georg Friedrich Kersting
     * 03. Francisco Goya's Masterpiece
     * 04. How Industry Restores Our Faith in Humanity
     * 05. Rembrandt as a Guide to Kindness
     * 06. Buildings That Give Hope - and Buildings That Condemn Us
     * 07. Katsushika Hokusai
     * 08. Agnes Martin
     * 09. The Importance of Architecture
     * 10. The Secret of Beauty: Order and Complexity
     * 11. Le Corbusier
     * 12. Two World Views: Romantic and Classical
     * 13. Oscar Niemeyer
     * 14. Against Obscurity
     * 15. Why Do Scandinavians Have Such Impeccable Taste in Interior
       Design?
     * 16. Art for Art's Sake
     * 17. Why We Need to Create a Home
     * 18. Why You Should Never Say: ‘Beauty Lies in the Eye of the
       Beholder’
     * 19. Andrea Palladio
     * 20. Why Design Matters
     * 21. On Good and Bad Taste
     * 22. On How to Make an Attractive City
     * 23. Art as Therapy
     * 24. On Ugliness and the Housing Crisis
     * 25. Johannes Vermeer
     * 26. Caspar David Friedrich
     * 27. Henri Matisse
     * 28. Edward Hopper
     * 29. Louis Kahn
     * 30. Coco Chanel
     * 31. Jane Jacobs
     * 32. Cy Twombly
     * 33. Andy Warhol
     * 34. Dieter Rams
     * 35. A Therapeutic Approach to Art
     * 36. Christo and Jeanne-Claude
     * 37. On the Importance of Drawing
     * 38. On Art as a Reminder
     * 39. On the Price of Art Works
     * 40. Secular Chapels
     * 41. Relativism and Urban Planning
     * 42. What Art Museums Should Be For
     * 43. On Fakes and Originals
     * 44. The Museum Gift Shop

   (BUTTON) Culture
     * 01. The Consolations of Catastrophe
     * 02. What is the Point of History?
     * 03. What Rothko's Art Teaches Us About Suffering
     * 04. The Value of Reading Things We Disagree with
     * 05. Easter for Atheists
     * 06. The Life House
     * 07. Why Philosophy Should Become More Like Pop Music
     * 08. Why Stoicism Continues to Matter
     * 09. The School of Life: What We Believe
     * 10. Cultural Mining
     * 11. Lego – the Movies
     * 12. Philosophy – the Movies
     * 13. History of Ideas – the Movies
     * 14. Sociology – the Movies
     * 15. Political Theory – the Movies
     * 16. Psychotherapy – the Movies
     * 17. Greek Philosophy – the Movies
     * 18. Eastern Philosophy – the Movies
     * 19. Art – the Movies
     * 20. On Aphorisms
     * 21. What Comes After Religion?
     * 22. The Serious Business of Clothes
     * 23. What Is the Point of the Humanities?
     * 24. Why Music Works
     * 25. The Importance of Music
     * 26. The Importance of Books
     * 27. What Is Comedy For?
     * 28. What Is Philosophy For?
     * 29. What Is Art For?
     * 30. What Is History For?
     * 31. What Is Psychotherapy For?
     * 32. What Is Literature For?
     * 33. The Joys of Sport

   (BUTTON) Eastern Philosophy
     * 01. Following in the Buddha's Footsteps
     * 02. Six Persimmons
     * 03. The Four Hindu Stages of Life
     * 04. Rice or Wheat? The Difference Between Eastern and Western
       Cultures
     * 05. Eastern vs Western Views of Happiness
     * 06. Four Great Ideas from Hinduism
     * 07. Zen Buddhism and Fireflies
     * 08. Six Ideas from Eastern Philosophy
     * 09. Wu Wei – Doing Nothing 無爲
     * 10. Kintsugi 金継ぎ
     * 11. Buddha
     * 12. Lao Tzu
     * 13. Confucius
     * 14. Sen no Rikyū
     * 15. Matsuo Basho
     * 16. Mono No Aware
     * 17. Guan Yin
     * 18. Gongshi
     * 19. Wu Wei
     * 20. Kintsugi
     * 21. Yinshi
     * 22. Why so Many Love the Philosophy of the East - and so Few That
       of the West

   (BUTTON) Food
     * 01. On Luxury and Sadness
     * 02. On Not Being Able To Cook Very Well
     * 03. Food as Therapy
     * 04. What We Really Like to Eat When No One is Looking
     * 05. What Meal Might Suit My Mood? Questionnaire

   (BUTTON) Literature
     * 01. Giuseppe di Lampedusa — The Leopard
     * 02. Sei Shōnagon — The Pillow Book
     * 03. Kakuzo Okakura — The Book of Tea
     * 04. Victor Hugo and the Art of Contempt
     * 05. Edward Gibbon — The History of the Decline and Fall of the
       Roman Empire
     * 06. How to Read Fewer Books
     * 07. The Downfall of Oscar Wilde
     * 08. What Voltaire Meant by 'One Must Cultivate One's Own Garden'
     * 09. James Baldwin
     * 10. Camus and The Plague
     * 11. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
     * 12. Charles Dickens
     * 13. Gustave Flaubert
     * 14. Fyodor Dostoevsky
     * 15. Marcel Proust
     * 16. Books as Therapy
     * 17. Jane Austen
     * 18. Leo Tolstoy
     * 19. Virginia Woolf
     * 20. James Joyce

   (BUTTON) Political Theory
     * 01. Machiavelli's Advice for Nice Guys
     * 02. Niccolò Machiavelli
     * 03. Thomas Hobbes
     * 04. Jean-Jacques Rousseau
     * 05. Adam Smith
     * 06. Karl Marx
     * 07. John Ruskin
     * 08. Henry David Thoreau
     * 09. Thoreau and Civil Disobedience
     * 10. Matthew Arnold
     * 11. William Morris
     * 12. Friedrich Hayek
     * 13. John Rawls

   (BUTTON) Psychotherapy
     * 01. Why You Should Take a Sentence Completion Test
     * 02. Carl Jung's Word Association Test
     * 03. Freud's Porcupine
     * 04. How Mental Illness Impacts Our Bodies
     * 05. How the Modern World Makes Us Mentally Ill
     * 06. Twenty Key Concepts from Psychotherapy
     * 07. Why Psychotherapy Works
     * 08. The True and the False Self
     * 09. What Happens in Psychotherapy? Four Case Studies
     * 10. The Problem of Psychological Asymmetry
     * 11. Freud on Sublimation
     * 12. Sigmund Freud
     * 13. Anna Freud
     * 14. Melanie Klein
     * 15. Donald Winnicott
     * 16. John Bowlby
     * 17. A Short Dictionary of Psychoanalysis
     * 18. Jacques Lacan

   (BUTTON) Small Pleasures
     * 01. Albrecht Dürer and his Pillows
     * 02. How Giraffes Can Teach Us to Wonder
     * 03. Sun Worship
     * 04. The Importance of Dancing Like an Idiot
     * 05. Walking in the Woods
     * 06. Getting More Serious about Pleasure
     * 07. On Going to the Zoo
     * 08. The Fish Shop
     * 09. On Small Islands
     * 10. On Stars
     * 11. On Grandmothers
     * 12. Up at Dawn
     * 13. On Crimes in the Newspapers
     * 14. Driving on the Motorway at Night
     * 15. On Sunday Mornings
     * 16. A Favourite Old Jumper
     * 17. Holding Hands with a Small Child
     * 18. Feeling at Home in the Sea
     * 19. The Book That Understands You
     * 20. Old Photos of One’s Parents
     * 21. Whispering in Bed in the Dark
     * 22. On Feeling That Someone Else is So Wrong
     * 23. The First Day of Feeling Well Again
     * 24. Figs

   (BUTTON) Sociology
     * 01. St. Benedict
     * 02. Alexis de Tocqueville
     * 03. Auguste Comte
     * 04. Max Weber
     * 05. Emile Durkheim
     * 06. Margaret Mead
     * 07. Theodor Adorno
     * 08. Rachel Carson

   (BUTTON) Travel
     * 01. The Wisdom of Islamic Gardens
     * 02. A World Without Air Travel
     * 03. Walking in the Woods
     * 04. Why We Argue in Paradise
     * 05. The Advantages of Staying at Home
     * 06. The Wisdom of Nature
     * 07. The Holidays When You're Feeling Mentally Unwell
     * 08. The Shortest Journey: On Going for a Walk around the Block
     * 09. How to Spend a Few Days in Paris
     * 10. Why Germans Can Say Things No One Else Can
     * 11. Travel as Therapy - an Introduction
     * 12. Monument Valley, USA - for Calm
     * 13. Corner shop, Kanagawaken, Yokohama - for Shyness
     * 14. Cafe de Zaak, Utrecht - for Sex Education
     * 15. Capri Hotel, Changi Airport, Singapore - for Thinking
     * 16. Eastown Theatre, Detroit - for Perspective
     * 17. Pumping Station, Isla Mayor, Seville - for Snobbery
     * 18. Comuna 13, San Javier, Medellin, Colombia - for Dissatisfaction
     * 19. Glenpark Road, Birmingham - for Boredom
     * 20. The Western Desert, Australia – for Humility
     * 21. Lunch, 30,000 Feet – for Comfort
     * 22. Heathrow Airport, London – for Awe
     * 23. Pefkos Beach, Rhodes - for Anxiety

   (BUTTON) Western Philosophy
     * 01. Kierkegaard on Love
     * 02. Aristotle
     * 03. Baruch Spinoza
     * 04. Arthur Schopenhauer
     * 05. Blaise Pascal
     * 06. Six Ideas from Western Philosophy
     * 07. Introduction to The Curriculum
     * 08. Plato
     * 09. The Stoics
     * 10. Epicurus
     * 11. Augustine
     * 12. Boethius and The Consolation of Philosophy
     * 13. Thomas Aquinas
     * 14. Michel de Montaigne
     * 15. La Rochefoucauld
     * 16. Voltaire
     * 17. David Hume
     * 18. Immanuel Kant
     * 19. Hegel
     * 20. Hegel Knew There Would Be Days Like These
     * 21. Ralph Waldo Emerson
     * 22. Nietzsche
     * 23. Nietzsche, Regret and Amor Fati
     * 24. Nietzsche and Envy
     * 25. Martin Heidegger
     * 26. Ludwig Wittgenstein
     * 27. Jean-Paul Sartre
     * 28. Albert Camus
     * 29. Michel Foucault
     * 30. Jacques Derrida
     * 31. E. M. Cioran

   (BUTTON) Relationships
   (BUTTON) Affairs
     * 01. What to Say in Response to an Affair
     * 02. How To Handle the Desire for Affairs?
     * 03. What Does It Take To Be Good at Affairs?
     * 04. What Ideally Happens When An Affair is Discovered?
     * 05. When Does An Affair Begin?
     * 06. A Brief History of Affairs
     * 07. How to Reduce the Risk of Affairs
     * 08. The Role of Sex in Affairs
     * 09. How To Spot A Couple That Might Be Headed For An Affair
     * 10. How Can An Affair Help A Marriage?
     * 11. The Pleasures of Affairs
     * 12. The Pains of Affairs
     * 13. The Meaning of Infidelity
     * 14. Loyalty and Adultery
     * 15. Why People Have Affairs: Distance and Closeness

   (BUTTON) Breaking Up &amp; Heartbreak
     * 01. There's Nothing Wrong with Being on Your Own
     * 02. The Wrong Idea of a Baddie
     * 03. Finding Closure After a Breakup
     * 04. Should Sex Ever Be a Reason to Break Up?
     * 05. When a Relationship Fails, Who Rejected Whom?
     * 06. The Fear of Not Being Able to Cope Practically Without a
       Partner
     * 07. The Fear of Ending a Relationship
     * 08. What About the Children When Divorce is on the Cards?
     * 09. What If I Just Repeat the Same Mistakes Next Time?
     * 10. Are My Expectations Too High?
     * 11. Overcoming Nostalgia for a Past Relationship
     * 12. The Feeling of Being Back in Love with the Person You're About
       to Leave
     * 13. The Capacity to Give up on People
     * 14. For Those Stuck in a Relationship
     * 15. 10 Ideas for People Afraid to Exit a Relationship
     * 16. People Who Want to Own Us - but Not Nourish Us
     * 17. The Hardest Person in the World to Break up With
     * 18. A Non-Tragic View of Breaking Up
     * 19. A Guide to Breaking Up
     * 20. How to Reject Someone Kindly
     * 21. When Someone We Love Has Died
     * 22. Why Did They Leave Us?
     * 23. How to Break Up
     * 24. How We Can Have Our Hearts Broken Even Though No One Has Left
       Us
     * 25. The Psychology of Our Exes
     * 26. 'Unfair Dismissal' in Love
     * 27. How Not to Be Tortured By a Love Rival
     * 28. Coping with Betrayal
     * 29. Can Exes be Friends?
     * 30. How to Get Over Someone
     * 31. Why True Love Doesn’t Have to Last Forever
     * 32. How to Get Over a Rejection
     * 33. How to End a Relationship
     * 34. Stay or Leave?
     * 35. How to Get Divorced
     * 36. On Forgetting Lovers
     * 37. How Not to Break Up with Someone

   (BUTTON) Compatibility
     * 01. Should I Be With Them?
     * 02. The Seven Rules of Successful Relationships
     * 03. Why We Must Explain Our Own Needs
     * 04. How Good Are You at Communication in Love? Questionnaire
     * 05. Why Some Couples Last — and Some Don't
     * 06. The Difference Between Fragile and Strong Couples
     * 07. What Relationships Should Really Be About
     * 08. The Real Reason Why Couples Break Up
     * 09. 6 Reasons We Choose Badly in Love
     * 10. Can People Change?
     * 11. Konrad Lorenz &amp; Why You Choose the Partners You Choose
     * 12. The Stranger You Live With
     * 13. The Attachment Style Questionnaire
     * 14. Why Anxious and Avoidant Partners Find It Hard to Leave One
       Another
     * 15. The Challenges of Anxious-Avoidant Relationships — Can Couples
       With Different Attachment Styles Work?
     * 16. On Rescue Fantasies
     * 17. How to Cope with an Avoidant Partner
     * 18. What Is Your Attachment Style?
     * 19. 'I Will Never Find the Right Partner'
     * 20. Too Close or Too Distant: How We Stand in Relationships
     * 21. How Are You Difficult to Live with?
     * 22. Why We're Compelled to Love Difficult People
     * 23. Why Your Lover is Very Damaged - and Annoying
     * 24. Why Tiny Things about Our Partners Drive Us Mad
     * 25. How to Love Ugly People
     * 26. Why Polyamory Probably Won’t Work for You
     * 27. Why We Go Cold on Our Partners
     * 28. An Instruction Manual to Oneself
     * 29. The Terrors of Being Loved
     * 30. The Partner as Child Theory
     * 31. Attachment Style Questionnaire
     * 32. On the Fear of Intimacy
     * 33. Meet the Parents
     * 34. On Finding the 'Right' Person
     * 35. If You Loved Me, You Wouldn't Want to Change Me
     * 36. The Problems of Closeness

   (BUTTON) Conflicts
     * 01. Why We Must Soften What We Say to Our Partners
     * 02. How to Be Less Defensive in Love
     * 03. On Gaslighting
     * 04. How Good Are You at Communication in Love?
     * 05. Why We Play Games in Love
     * 06. On 'Rupture' and 'Repair'
     * 07. Why it's OK to Want a Partner to Change
     * 08. On Arguing More Nakedly
     * 09. Do You Still Love Me?
     * 10. Why We Need to Feel Heard
     * 11. Five Questions to Ask of Bad Behaviour
     * 12. The Art of Complaining
     * 13. The Challenges of Communication
     * 14. How To Have Fewer Bitter Arguments in Love
     * 15. The Arguments We Have From Guilt
     * 16. Attention-Seeking Arguments
     * 17. When Our Partners Are Being Excessively Logical
     * 18. When We Tell Our Partners That We Are Normal and They Are
       Strange
     * 19. When Your Partner Tries to Stop You Growing
     * 20. When Your Partner Starts Crying Hysterically During an Argument
     * 21. Why We Sometimes Set Out to Shatter Our Lover's Good Mood
     * 22. Why People Get Defensive in Relationships
     * 23. A History of Arguments
     * 24. The Fights When There Is No Sex
     * 25. What We Might Learn in Couples Therapy
     * 26. On the Tendency to Love and Hate Excessively
     * 27. An Alternative to Being Controlling
     * 28. Why We Should Not Silently Suffer From A Lack of Touch in Love
     * 29. Why Anger Has a Place in Love
     * 30. The Importance of Relationship Counselling
     * 31. How to Argue in Relationships
     * 32. Why We (Sometimes) Hope the People We Love Might Die
     * 33. Be the Change You Want To See
     * 34. I Wish I Was Still Single
     * 35. Love and Sulking
     * 36. On Being Unintentionally Hurt
     * 37. The Secret Problems of Other Couples
     * 38. On the Dangers of Being Too Defensive
     * 39. On How to Defuse an Argument
     * 40. How to Save Love with Pessimism
     * 41. How 'Transference' Makes You Hard to Live With
     * 42. Why You Resent Your Partner
     * 43. Why It Is Always Your Partner's Fault
     * 44. If It Wasn't for You...
     * 45. Why You Are So Annoyed By What You Once Admired
     * 46. Why You’re (Probably) Not a Great Communicator

   (BUTTON) Dating
     * 01. Why Dating Apps Won't Help You Find Love
     * 02. Being Honest on a Date
     * 03. Why Haven't They Called - and the Rorschach Test
     * 04. Dating When You've Had a Bad Childhood
     * 05. Varieties of Madness Commonly Met with On Dates
     * 06. How to Seduce with Confidence
     * 07. A Brief History of Dating
     * 08. How to Prove Attractive to Someone on a Date
     * 09. Existentialism and Dating
     * 10. What to Talk About on a Date
     * 11. What to Eat and Drink on a Date
     * 12. How to Seduce Someone on a Date
     * 13. How Not to Think on a Date

   (BUTTON) Finding Love
     * 01. True Love Begins With Self-Love
     * 02. The Importance of Being Single
     * 03. Why We Keep Choosing Bad Partners
     * 04. Celebrity Crushes
     * 05. Romantic Masochism
     * 06. What Do You Love Me For?
     * 07. If Love Never Came
     * 08. On the Madness and Charm of Crushes
     * 09. Why Only the Happy Single Find True Love
     * 10. Should We Play It Cool When We Like Someone?
     * 11. In Praise of Unrequited Love
     * 12. Two Reasons Why You Might Still Be Single
     * 13. How We Choose a Partner
     * 14. Why Flirting Matters
     * 15. Why, Once You Understand Love, You Could Love Anyone
     * 16. Mate Selection
     * 17. Reasons to Remain Single
     * 18. How to Enjoy a New Relationship

   (BUTTON) Marriage
     * 01. Alternatives to Romantic Monogamy
     * 02. Twenty Ideas on Marriage
     * 03. For Moments of Marital Crisis
     * 04. What to Do on Your Wedding Night
     * 05. Who Should You Invite to Your Wedding?
     * 06. Pragmatic Reasons for Getting Married
     * 07. The Standard Marriage and Its Seven Alternatives
     * 08. Utopian Marriage
     * 09. When Is One Ready to Get Married?
     * 10. On the Continuing Relevance of Marriage
     * 11. On Marrying the Wrong Person — 9 Reasons We Will Regret Getting
       Married

   (BUTTON) Marriage|Work
   (BUTTON) Mature Love
     * 01. How to Make Love Last Forever
     * 02. How to Be Vulnerable
     * 03. Why You Can't Read Your Partner's Mind
     * 04. What Teddy Bears Teach Us About Love
     * 05. What Role Do You Play in Your Relationship?
     * 06. Why We Should Be 'Babyish' in Love
     * 07. The Maturity of Regression
     * 08. The Benefits of Insecurity in Love
     * 09. Taking the Pressure off Love
     * 10. A Pledge for Lovers
     * 11. A Projection Exercise for Couples
     * 12. A New Ritual: The Morning and Evening Kiss
     * 13. Can Our Phones Solve Our Love Lives?
     * 14. If We're All Bad at Love, Shouldn't We Change Our Definition of
       Normality?
     * 15. Other People's Relationships
     * 16. How to Cope with an Avoidant Partner
     * 17. The Pleasure of Reading Together in Bed
     * 18. 22 Questions to Reignite Love
     * 19. The Wisdom of Romantic Compromise
     * 20. How to Complain
     * 21. How We Need to Keep Growing Up
     * 22. Teaching and Love
     * 23. Love and Self-Love
     * 24. Humour in Love
     * 25. The Advantages of Long-Distance Love
     * 26. In Praise of Hugs
     * 27. Why Affectionate Teasing is Kind and Necessary
     * 28. The Couple Courtroom Game
     * 29. Getting over a Row
     * 30. Keeping Secrets in Relationships
     * 31. A Lover's Guide to Sulking
     * 32. Artificial Conversations
     * 33. On the Role of Stories in Love
     * 34. On the Hardest Job in the World
     * 35. On the Beloved's Wrist

   (BUTTON) Parenting
     * 01. Three Kinds of Parental Love
     * 02. A Portrait of Tenderness
     * 03. What Makes a Good Parent? A Checklist
     * 04. On the Curiosity of Children
     * 05. How to Lend a Child Confidence
     * 06. The Importance of Play
     * 07. Why Children Need an Emotional Education
     * 08. Coping with One's Parents
     * 09. Are Children for Me?
     * 10. How Parents Might Let Their Children Know of Their Issues
     * 11. How We Crave to Be Soothed
     * 12. Escaping the Shadow of a Parent
     * 13. On Being Angry with a Parent
     * 14. What You Might Want to Tell Your Child About Homework
     * 15. On Apologising to Your Child
     * 16. Teaching Children about Relationships
     * 17. How Should a Parent Love their Child?
     * 18. When people pleasers become parents - and need to say 'no'
     * 19. On the Sweetness of Children
     * 20. Listening to Children
     * 21. Whether or not to have Children
     * 22. The Children of Snobs
     * 23. Why Good Parents Have Naughty Children
     * 24. The Joys and Sorrows of Parenting
     * 25. The Significance of Parenthood
     * 26. Why Family Matters
     * 27. Parenting and Working
     * 28. On Children's Art
     * 29. What Babies Can Teach Us
     * 30. Why – When It Comes to Children – Love May Not Be Enough

   (BUTTON) Romanticism
     * 01. Kierkegaard on Love
     * 02. Why Do I Feel So Lonely?
     * 03. Pygmalion and your Love life
     * 04. How to Love
     * 05. What is Love?
     * 06. On Romanticism
     * 07. A Short History of Love
     * 08. The Definition of Love
     * 09. Why We Need the Ancient Greek Vocabulary of Love
     * 10. The Cure for Love
     * 11. Why We Need to Speak of Love in Public
     * 12. How Romanticism Ruined Love
     * 13. Our Most Romantic Moments
     * 14. Loving and Being Loved
     * 15. Romantic Realism
     * 16. On Being Romantic or Classical

   (BUTTON) Sex
     * 01. The Ongoing Complexities of Our Intimate Lives
     * 02. On Post-Coital Melancholy
     * 03. Desire and Intimacy
     * 04. What Makes a Person Attractive?
     * 05. How to Talk About Your Sexual Fantasy
     * 06. The Problem of Sexual Shame
     * 07. Who Initiates Sex: and Why It Matters So Much
     * 08. On Still Being a Virgin
     * 09. Love and Sex
     * 10. Impotence and Respect
     * 11. Sexual Non-Liberation
     * 12. The Excitement of Kissing
     * 13. The Appeal of Outdoor Sex
     * 14. The Sexual Fantasies of Others
     * 15. On Art and Masturbation
     * 16. The Psychology of Cross-Dressing
     * 17. The Fear of Being Bad in Bed
     * 18. The Sex-Starved Relationship
     * 19. How to Start Having Sex Again
     * 20. Sexual Liberation
     * 21. The Poignancy of Old Pornography
     * 22. On Porn Addiction
     * 23. A Brief Philosophy of Oral Sex
     * 24. On Being a Sleazebag
     * 25. Why We Go Off Sex
     * 26. A Brief Theory of Sexual Excitement

   (BUTTON) Relationships|Self-Knowledge
   (BUTTON) Trauma &amp; Childhood
     * 01. Trauma and Forgetting

   (BUTTON) Self-Knowledge
   (BUTTON) Behaviours
     * 01. How to Weaken the Hold of Addiction
     * 02. Charles Darwin and The Descent of Man
     * 03. Why We Are All Addicts
     * 04. Straightforward vs. Complicated People
     * 05. Reasons to Give Up on Perfection
     * 06. The Need for a Cry
     * 07. On Confinement
     * 08. The Importance of Singing Badly
     * 09. You Don't Need Permission
     * 10. On Feeling Stuck
     * 11. Am I Paranoid?
     * 12. Learning to Be More Selfish
     * 13. Learning How to Be Angry
     * 14. Why We're All Liars
     * 15. Are You a Masochist?
     * 16. How Badly Adapted We Are to Life on Earth
     * 17. How We Prefer to Act Rather Than Think
     * 18. How to Live More Wisely Around Our Phones
     * 19. On Dreaming
     * 20. The Need to be Alone
     * 21. On the Remarkable Need to Speak
     * 22. Thinking Too Much; and Thinking Too Little
     * 23. On Nagging
     * 24. The Prevention of Suicide
     * 25. On Getting an Early Night
     * 26. Why We Eat Too Much
     * 27. On Taking Drugs
     * 28. On Perfectionism
     * 29. On Procrastination

   (BUTTON) Emotional Skills
     * 01. Giving Up on People Pleasing
     * 02. The Benefits of Forgetfulness
     * 03. How to Take Criticism
     * 04. A More Spontaneous Life
     * 05. On Self-Assertion
     * 06. The Benefit of Analogies
     * 07. Why We Need Moments of Mad Thinking
     * 08. The Task of Turning Vague Thoughts into More Precise Ones
     * 09. How to Catch Your Own Thoughts
     * 10. Why Our Best Thoughts Come To Us in the Shower
     * 11. Calm
     * 12. Confidence
     * 13. Why We Should Try to Become Better Narcissists
     * 14. Why We Require Poor Memories To Survive
     * 15. The Importance of Confession
     * 16. How Emotionally Healthy Are You?
     * 17. What Is An Emotionally Healthy Childhood?
     * 18. Unprocessed Emotion
     * 19. How to Be a Genius
     * 20. On Resilience
     * 21. How to Decide
     * 22. Why It Should Be Glamorous to Change Your Mind
     * 23. How to Make More of Our Memories
     * 24. What’s Wrong with Needy People
     * 25. Emotional Education: An Introduction
     * 26. Philosophical Meditation
     * 27. Honesty
     * 28. Self-Love
     * 29. Emotional Scepticism
     * 30. Politeness
     * 31. Charity
     * 32. Charm
     * 33. Love-as-Generosity
     * 34. Comforting
     * 35. Emotional Translation
     * 36. Humour
     * 37. On Pessimism
     * 38. The Problem with Cynicism
     * 39. On Keeping Going
     * 40. Closeness
     * 41. On Higher Consciousness
     * 42. On Exercising the Mind
     * 43. Authentic Work
     * 44. The Sorrows of Work
     * 45. Cultural Consolation
     * 46. Appreciation
     * 47. Cheerful Despair

   (BUTTON) Fear &amp; Insecurity
     * 01. Why We Get Locked Inside Stories — and How to Break Free
     * 02. Why Grandiosity is a Symptom of Self-Hatred
     * 03. The Origins of Imposter Syndrome
     * 04. The Upsides of Being Ill
     * 05. The Roots of Paranoia
     * 06. Loneliness as a Sign of Depth
     * 07. How Social Media Affects Our Self-Worth
     * 08. How to Be Beautiful
     * 09. Trying to Be Kinder to Ourselves
     * 10. The Role of Love in Mental Health
     * 11. Trauma and Fearfulness
     * 12. On Despair and the Imagination
     * 13. On Being Able to Defend Oneself
     * 14. The Fear of Death
     * 15. I Am Not My Body
     * 16. The Problems of Being Very Beautiful
     * 17. 6 Reasons Not to Worry What the Neighbours Think
     * 18. Am I Fat? An Answer from History
     * 19. The Problem of Shame
     * 20. On Feeling Ugly
     * 21. The Particular Beauty of Unhappy-Looking People
     * 22. How Not to Become a Conspiracy Theorist
     * 23. The Terror of a ‘No’
     * 24. On Being Hated
     * 25. The Origins of Everyday Nastiness
     * 26. The Weakness of Strength Theory
     * 27. On Self-Sabotage
     * 28. FOMO: Fear Of Missing Out
     * 29. On a Sense of Sinfulness

   (BUTTON) Fulfilment
     * 01. On the Consolations of Home | Georg Friedrich Kersting
     * 02. On Feeling Rather Than Thinking
     * 03. How to Be Interesting
     * 04. Am I Too Clever?
     * 05. A More Self-Accepting Life
     * 06. 'Let Him Who Is Without Sin Cast the First Stone'
     * 07. The Roots of Loneliness
     * 08. Small Acts of Liberation
     * 09. Overcoming the Need to Be Exceptional
     * 10. The Fear of Happiness
     * 11. The Truth May Already Be Inside Us
     * 12. What Is the Meaning of Life?
     * 13. The Desire to Write
     * 14. Are Intelligent People More Lonely?
     * 15. A Better Word than Happiness: Eudaimonia
     * 16. The Meaning of Life
     * 17. Our Secret Fantasies
     * 18. Why We’re Fated to Be Lonely (But That’s OK)
     * 19. Good Enough is Good Enough
     * 20. An Updated Ten Commandments
     * 21. A Self-Compassion Exercise
     * 22. How to Become a Better Person
     * 23. On Resolutions
     * 24. On Final Things

   (BUTTON) Growth &amp; Maturity
     * 01. Self-Forgiveness
     * 02. Why We Must Have Done Bad to Be Good
     * 03. Finding the Courage to Be Ourselves
     * 04. What Regret Can Teach Us
     * 05. The Importance of Adolescence
     * 06. How to Love Difficult People
     * 07. On Falling Mentally Ill
     * 08. Splitting Humanity into Saints and Sinners
     * 09. Becoming Free
     * 10. Learning to Listen to the Adult Inside Us
     * 11. The Ultimate Test of Emotional Maturity
     * 12. Can People Change?
     * 13. When Home is Not Home...
     * 14. Learning to Lay Down Boundaries
     * 15. You Could Finally Leave School!
     * 16. When Do You Know You Are Emotionally Mature? 26 Signs of
       Emotional Maturity
     * 17. How to Lengthen Your Life
     * 18. We Only Learn If We Repeat
     * 19. The Drive to Keep Growing Emotionally
     * 20. On Bittersweet Memories
     * 21. Small Triumphs of the Mentally Unwell
     * 22. The Importance of Atonement
     * 23. How To Be a Mummy's Boy
     * 24. On Consolation
     * 25. The Inner Idiot
     * 26. The Dangers of the Good Child
     * 27. Why None of Us are Really 'Sinners'
     * 28. How We Need to Keep Growing Up
     * 29. Are Humans Still Evolving?
     * 30. On Losers – and Tragic Heroes
     * 31. On the Serious Role of Stuffed Animals
     * 32. Why Self-Help Books Matter

   (BUTTON) Growth &amp; Maturity|Uncategorised
   (BUTTON) Know Yourself
     * 01. How to Figure Out What You Really, Really Think
     * 02. Why You Should Keep a Journal
     * 03. In Praise of Introspection
     * 04. What Brain Scans Reveal About Our Minds
     * 05. What is Mental Health?
     * 06. The One Question You Need to Ask to Know Whether You're a Good
       Person
     * 07. Eight Rules of The School of Life
     * 08. No One Cares
     * 09. The High Price We Pay for Our Fear of Being Alone
     * 10. 5 Signs of Emotional Immaturity
     * 11. On Knowing Who One Is
     * 12. Why Self-Analysis Works
     * 13. Knowing Things Intellectually vs. Knowing Them Emotionally
     * 14. The Novel We Really Need To Read Next
     * 15. Is Free Will or Determinism Correct?
     * 16. Emotional Identity
     * 17. Know Yourself — Socrates and How to Develop Self-Knowledge
     * 18. Self-Knowledge Quiz
     * 19. On Being Very Normal

   (BUTTON) Know Yourself|Self-Knowledge
   (BUTTON) Melancholy
     * 01. The Pessimist's Guide to Mental Illness
     * 02. Why Do Bad Things Always Happen to Me?
     * 03. Why We Enjoy the Suffering of Others
     * 04. The Tragedy of Birth
     * 05. What Rothko's Art Teaches Us About Suffering
     * 06. Our Tragic Condition
     * 07. The Melancholy Charm of Lonely Travelling Places
     * 08. Nostalgia for Religion
     * 09. Parties and Melancholy
     * 10. Why Very Beautiful Scenes Can Make Us So Melancholy
     * 11. On Old Photos of Oneself
     * 12. Are Intelligent People More Melancholic?
     * 13. Strangers and Melancholy
     * 14. On Post-Coital Melancholy
     * 15. Sex and Melancholy
     * 16. Astronomy and Melancholy
     * 17. Nostalgia for the Womb
     * 18. Melancholy and the Feeling of Being Superfluous
     * 19. Pills &amp; Melancholy
     * 20. Melancholy: the best kind of Despair
     * 21. On Melancholy

   (BUTTON) Mood
     * 01. Exercise When We're Feeling Mentally Unwell
     * 02. Why You May Be Experiencing a Mental Midwinter
     * 03. Living Long-Term with Mental Illness
     * 04. The Role of Sleep in Mental Health
     * 05. The Role of Pills in Mental Health
     * 06. Mental Illness and Acceptance
     * 07. Mental Illness and 'Reasons to Live'
     * 08. Taming a Pitiless Inner Critic
     * 09. Reasons to Give Up on Human Beings
     * 10. The Window of Tolerance
     * 11. On Realising One Might Be an Introvert
     * 12. Our Right to be Miserable
     * 13. How to Manage One's Moods
     * 14. On Living in a More Light-Hearted Way
     * 15. On Disliking Oneself
     * 16. Of Course We Mess Up!
     * 17. Learning to Listen to One's Own Boredom
     * 18. On Depression
     * 19. In Praise of the Melancholy Child
     * 20. Why We May Be Angry Rather Than Sad
     * 21. On Not Being in the Moment
     * 22. 'Pure' OCD - and Intrusive Thoughts
     * 23. Twenty Moods
     * 24. How the Right Words Help Us to Feel the Right Things
     * 25. The Secret Optimism of Angry People
     * 26. On Feeling Depressed
     * 27. The Difficulty of Being in the Present
     * 28. On Being Out of Touch with One's Feelings
     * 29. Our Secret Thoughts
     * 30. The Psychology of Colour
     * 31. On Self-Pity
     * 32. On Irritability
     * 33. On Anger
     * 34. On the Things that Make Adults Cry
     * 35. Detachment

   (BUTTON) Questionnaires
     * 01. How Good Are You at Communication in Love? Questionnaire
     * 02. How Good Are You at Communication in Love?
     * 03. How Prone Might You Be To Insomnia? Questionnaire
     * 04. How Ready Might You Be for Therapy? Questionnaire
     * 05. The Attachment Style Questionnaire

   (BUTTON) Trauma &amp; Childhood
     * 01. Why Abused Children End Up Hating Themselves
     * 02. Why We Sometimes Feel Like Curling Up Into a Ball
     * 03. How to Get Your Parents Out of Your Head
     * 04. Why Parents Bully Their Children
     * 05. On Projection
     * 06. Self-Archaeology
     * 07. It's Not Your Fault
     * 08. If Our Parents Never Listened
     * 09. Why Everything Relates to Your Childhood
     * 10. Why Those Who Should Love Us Can Hurt Us
     * 11. The Upsides of Having a Mental Breakdown
     * 12. How Perfectionism Makes Us Ill
     * 13. How We Should Have Been Loved
     * 14. Self-Hatred and High-Achievement
     * 15. A Self-Hatred Audit
     * 16. How Mental Illness Impacts Our Bodies
     * 17. Two Reasons Why People End up Parenting Badly
     * 18. What is Emotional Neglect?
     * 19. How Unloving Parents can Generate Self-Hating Children
     * 20. How Mental Illness Closes Down Our Minds
     * 21. Trauma and EMDR Therapy
     * 22. How to Fight off Your Inner Critic
     * 23. The One Subject You Really Need to Study: Your Own Childhood
     * 24. Sharing Our Early Wounds
     * 25. Trauma and How to Overcome It
     * 26. Why We're All Messed Up By Our Childhoods
     * 27. The Golden Child Syndrome
     * 28. The Importance of Being an Unhappy Teenager
     * 29. How We Get Damaged by Emotional Neglect
     * 30. The Secrets of a Privileged Childhood
     * 31. What We Owe to the People Who Loved Us in Childhood
     * 32. Criticism When You've Had a Bad Childhood
     * 33. On Suffering in Silence
     * 34. How a Messed up Childhood Affects You in Adulthood
     * 35. Daddy Issues
     * 36. The Non-Rewritable Disc: the Fateful Impact of Childhood
     * 37. On the Longing for Maternal Tenderness

   (BUTTON) Self-Knowledge|Leisure
   (BUTTON) Psychotherapy
     * 01. Recovering from Mental Unwellness
     * 02. Why Abused Children End Up Hating Themselves
     * 03. Why You Should Take a Sentence Completion Test
     * 04. Carl Jung's Word Association Test
     * 05. Why Healing Takes So Much Time
     * 06. What is Body Therapy?
     * 07. What is Cognitive Behavioural Therapy?
     * 08. What is Art Therapy?
     * 09. Why We Shouldn't Fear Asylums
     * 10. What You Need to Know About Psychotherapy
     * 11. What is Psychedelic Therapy?

   (BUTTON) Sociability
   (BUTTON) Communication
     * 01. In Praise of Small Chats With Strangers
     * 02. Why We Should Listen Rather Than Reassure
     * 03. How We Can Hurt Without Thinking
     * 04. Leaning in to Vulnerability
     * 05. How to Become Someone People Will Confide in
     * 06. How To Write An Effective Thank You Letter
     * 07. How to Be a Good Listener
     * 08. How to Comment Online
     * 09. Listening as Editing
     * 10. The Importance of Flattery
     * 11. How to Narrate Your Life Story
     * 12. The Art of Listening
     * 13. How to Narrate Your Dreams
     * 14. How to Talk About Yourself
     * 15. Communication
     * 16. How to Be a Good Teacher
     * 17. On How to Disagree
     * 18. On the Art of Conversation

   (BUTTON) Confidence
     * 01. How to Cope With Bullying
     * 02. Stop Being So Nice
     * 03. The Origins of Shyness
     * 04. On Friendliness to Strangers
     * 05. What to Do at Parties If You Hate Small Talk
     * 06. How to Approach Strangers at A Party
     * 07. How to Be Comfortable on Your Own in Public
     * 08. Akrasia - or Why We Don't Do What We Believe
     * 09. Why We Think So Much about Our Hair
     * 10. Aphorisms on Confidence
     * 11. How Knowledge of Difficulties Lends Confidence
     * 12. How Thinking You’re an Idiot Lends Confidence
     * 13. How to Overcome Shyness
     * 14. The Mind-Body Problem
     * 15. The Impostor Syndrome
     * 16. On the Origins of Confidence
     * 17. Self-Esteem
     * 18. On Confidence
     * 19. On Not Liking the Way One Looks

   (BUTTON) Friendship
     * 01. Why Misfits Make Great Friends
     * 02. How to Handle an Envious Friend
     * 03. Loneliness as a Sign of Depth
     * 04. Companionship and Mental Health
     * 05. How Often Do We Need to Go to Parties?
     * 06. Virtual Dinners: Conversation Menus
     * 07. The Cleaning Party
     * 08. On Talking Horizontally
     * 09. Dinner Table Orchestra
     * 10. On Sofa Jumping
     * 11. On Studying Someone Else's Hands
     * 12. What Women and Men May Learn from One Another When They are
       Just Friends
     * 13. How to Say 'I Love You' to a Friend
     * 14. How to End a Friendship
     * 15. What Can Stop the Loneliness?
     * 16. Why Men Are So Bad at Friendship
     * 17. What Would An Ideal Friend Be Like?
     * 18. 'Couldn't We Just Be Friends?'
     * 19. On Acquiring an Enemy
     * 20. Why Old Friends Matter
     * 21. Why Not to Panic about Enemies
     * 22. What Is the Purpose of Friendship?
     * 23. Friendship and Vulnerability
     * 24. On Socks and Friendship
     * 25. The Teasing of Old Friends

   (BUTTON) Social Virtues
     * 01. Dale Carnegie — How to Win Friends and Influence People
     * 02. The Origins of People Pleasing
     * 03. The Eyes of Love
     * 04. Kindness Isn't Weakness
     * 05. Why We're All Capable of Damaging Others
     * 06. Rembrandt as a Guide to Kindness
     * 07. What Love Really Is – and Why It Matters
     * 08. The Need for Kindness
     * 09. 6 Reasons Not to Worry What the Neighbours Think
     * 10. What to Do When a Stranger Annoys You
     * 11. How to Choose A Good Present
     * 12. How to Be a Good Guest
     * 13. How To Make People Feel Good about Themselves
     * 14. How To Tell When You Are Being A Bore
     * 15. What Is Empathy?
     * 16. How Not to Rant
     * 17. How Not to Be Boring
     * 18. On Eggs and Compassion
     * 19. How to Become an Adult
     * 20. People-Pleasing: and How to Overcome It
     * 21. Why Truly Sociable People Hate Parties
     * 22. How to Be Diplomatic
     * 23. Sane Insanity
     * 24. Charity of Interpretation
     * 25. How to Be a Good Teacher
     * 26. The Solution to Clumsiness
     * 27. How to Be a Man
     * 28. Political Correctness vs. Politeness
     * 29. Aphorisms on Kindness
     * 30. Why We Don’t Really Want to Be Nice
     * 31. The Charm of Vulnerability
     * 32. The Ultimate Test of Your Social Skills
     * 33. How to Be Open-Minded
     * 34. Why Kind People Always Lie
     * 35. How to Be Warm
     * 36. The Problem of Over-Friendliness
     * 37. How to Forgive
     * 38. Why We’re Fated to Be Lonely (But That’s OK)
     * 39. How to Cope with Snobbery
     * 40. On Charm
     * 41. On Being Kind
     * 42. On Gratitude
     * 43. On Forgiveness
     * 44. On Charity
     * 45. On Wisdom

   (BUTTON) Social Virtues|Self-Knowledge
   (BUTTON) Social Virtues|Work
   (BUTTON) Uncategorised
   (BUTTON) Work
   (BUTTON) Business Skills
     * 01. How to Fire Someone
     * 02. Diplomacy at the Office
     * 03. How to Tell a Colleague Their Breath Smells
     * 04. How to Screw Up at Work
     * 05. In Praise of Teamwork
     * 06. How to Become an Entrepreneur
     * 07. The Need for Eloquence
     * 08. The Nature and Causes of Procrastination
     * 09. In Praise of Networking
     * 10. Why Creativity is Too Important to Be Left to Artists
     * 11. How to Survive Bureaucracy
     * 12. Machismo and Management
     * 13. What Art Can Teach Business About Being Fussy
     * 14. On Novelists and Manuals
     * 15. How Not to Let Work Explode Your Life
     * 16. How to Sell
     * 17. Innovation, Empathy and Introspection
     * 18. Innovation and Creativity
     * 19. Innovation and Science Fiction
     * 20. The Acceptance of Change
     * 21. The Collaborative Virtues
     * 22. Towards Better Collaboration
     * 23. How To Make Efficiency a Habit
     * 24. On Raising the Prestige of 'Details'
     * 25. Monasticism &amp; How to Avoid Distraction
     * 26. How to Dare to Begin
     * 27. On Meaning – and Motivation
     * 28. The Psychological Obstacles Holding Employees Back
     * 29. On Feedback
     * 30. How to Better Understand Customers
     * 31. On Bounded and Unbounded Tasks

   (BUTTON) Capitalism
     * 01. What Should Truly Motivate Us at Work
     * 02. Nature as a Cure for the Sickness of Modern Times
     * 03. The Difficulties of Work-Life Balance
     * 04. The Challenges of Modernity
     * 05. Businesses for Love; Businesses for Money
     * 06. Countries for Losers; Countries for Winners
     * 07. Towards a Solution to Inequality
     * 08. Free Trade - or Protectionism?
     * 09. Should We Work on Ourselves - or on the World?
     * 10. Why Is There Unemployment?
     * 11. Artists and Supermarket Tycoons
     * 12. Business and the Arts
     * 13. Sentimentality in Art - and Business
     * 14. How to Make a Country Rich
     * 15. First World Problems
     * 16. On Devotion to Corporations
     * 17. Good vs Classical Economics
     * 18. What Is a Good Brand?
     * 19. Good Economic Measures: Beyond GDP
     * 20. What Good Business Should Be
     * 21. On the Faultiness of Our Economic Indicators
     * 22. On the Dawn of Capitalism
     * 23. Utopian Capitalism
     * 24. On Philanthropy

   (BUTTON) Capitalism|Work
     * 01. Who Deserves Love?

   (BUTTON) Consumption &amp; Need
     * 01. On Eating a Friend
     * 02. Is the Modern World Too 'Materialistic'?
     * 03. On Consumer Capitalism
     * 04. The Importance of Maslow's Pyramid of Needs
     * 05. How to Live More Wisely Around Our Phones
     * 06. Money and 'Higher Things'
     * 07. Why We Are All Addicts
     * 08. Why We Are So Bad at Shopping
     * 09. Business and the Ladder of Needs
     * 10. Consumer Self-Knowledge
     * 11. "Giving Customers What They Want"
     * 12. The Entrepreneur and the Artist
     * 13. What Advertising Can Learn from Art
     * 14. What the Luxury Sector Does for Us
     * 15. On Using Sex to Sell
     * 16. Understanding Brand Promises
     * 17. Consumer Education: On Learning How to Spend
     * 18. Good Materialism
     * 19. Why We Hate Cheap Things
     * 20. Why We Continue to Love Expensive Things
     * 21. Why Advertising Is so Annoying - but Doesn't Have to Be
     * 22. On Good Demand
     * 23. Adverts Know What We Want - They Just Can't Sell It to us
     * 24. On the Responsibility of the Consumer
     * 25. On Consumption and Status Anxiety
     * 26. On the True Desires of the Rich

   (BUTTON) Consumption &amp; Need|Uncategorised
   (BUTTON) Consumption &amp; Need|Work
     * 01. What the Villas of Despots Teach Us About Pride

   (BUTTON) Good Work
     * 01. How to Be Original
     * 02. When Are We Truly Productive?
     * 03. The Importance of the Siesta
     * 04. Career Therapy
     * 05. On Meritocracy
     * 06. The Vocation Myth
     * 07. The Good Sides of Work
     * 08. The Good Office
     * 09. The EQ Office
     * 10. Good Salaries: What We Earn - and What We’re Worth
     * 11. What Good Business Should Be
     * 12. On the Pleasures of Work

   (BUTTON) Good Work|Work
   (BUTTON) Meaning
     * 01. The Concept of Voluntary Poverty
     * 02. The Dangers of Having Too Little To Do
     * 03. How Could a Working Life Be Meaningful?
     * 04. On Learning to Live Deeply Rather than Broadly
     * 05. What They Forget to Teach You at School
     * 06. Authentic Work
     * 07. Why We Need to Work
     * 08. How We Came to Desire a Job We Could Love
     * 09. Why Work Is So Much Easier than Love
     * 10. Work and Maturity
     * 11. How Your Job Shapes Your Identity
     * 12. Authentic Work

   (BUTTON) Meaning|Self-Knowledge
   (BUTTON) Meaning|Work
   (BUTTON) Media &amp; Technology
     * 01. Do We Need to Read the News?
     * 02. On Gossip
     * 03. How the Media Damages Our Faith in Humanity
     * 04. Why We Secretly Love Bad News
     * 05. Celebrity Crushes
     * 06. On Switching Off the News
     * 07. We've Been Here Before
     * 08. In Praise of Bias
     * 09. The News from Without - and the News from Within
     * 10. History as a Corrective to News
     * 11. Emotional Technology
     * 12. What's Wrong with the Media
     * 13. On the Dangers of the Internet
     * 14. On Taking Digital Sabbaths
     * 15. On the Role of Censorship
     * 16. On the Role of Disasters
     * 17. On the Role of Art in News
     * 18. Tragedies and Ordinary Lives in the Media
     * 19. On the Failures of Economic News
     * 20. On Health News
     * 21. What State Broadcasters Should Do
     * 22. On News and Kindness
     * 23. On the Role of Cheerful News
     * 24. On Maniacs and Murderers

   (BUTTON) Politics &amp; Government
     * 01. The United States and Happiness
     * 02. Political Emotional Maturity
     * 03. On Feeling Offended
     * 04. A Guide to Good Nationalism
     * 05. Why We Do - After All - Care about Politics
     * 06. Why Socrates Hated Democracy
     * 07. The Fragility of Good Government
     * 08. Romantic vs. Classical Voters
     * 09. Africa after Independence

   (BUTTON) Purpose
     * 01. Should I Follow My Dreams?
     * 02. How to Retire Early
     * 03. The Agonies of Choice
     * 04. The Creative Itch
     * 05. Broadening the Job Search
     * 06. Our Families and Our Careers
     * 07. The Challenges of Choosing a Career
     * 08. On Career Crises
     * 09. The Output/Input Confusion
     * 10. Finding a Mission
     * 11. How to Serve
     * 12. Why Work-Life Balance is an Illusion
     * 13. On Gratitude – and Motivation
     * 14. How to Find Fulfilling Work
     * 15. On the Origins of Motivation at Work
     * 16. On Becoming an Entrepreneur
     * 17. On Being an Unemployed Arts Graduate

   (BUTTON) Sorrows of Work
     * 01. On Small Talk at the Office
     * 02. On Falling Apart at the Office
     * 03. The Sorrows of Competition
     * 04. What Is That Sunday Evening Feeling?
     * 05. How Parents Get in the Way of Our Career Plans
     * 06. Why Modern Work Is So Boring
     * 07. Why Pessimism is the Key to Good Government
     * 08. The Sorrows of Colleagues
     * 09. The Sorrows of Commercialisation
     * 10. The Sorrows of Standardisation
     * 11. Confidence in the System
     * 12. Job Monogamy
     * 13. The Duty Trap
     * 14. The Perfectionist Trap
     * 15. On Professional Failure
     * 16. Nasty Businesses
     * 17. The Job Investment Trap
     * 18. How Your Job Shapes Your Identity
     * 19. The Pains of Leadership
     * 20. Would It Be Better for Your Job If You Were Celibate?
     * 21. On Stress and Inner Voices
     * 22. On Being Wary of Simple-Looking Issues
     * 23. On Commuting
     * 24. On the Sorrows of Work
     * 25. On Misemployment
     * 26. On Guilt-trips and Charm

   (BUTTON) Sorrows of Work|Uncategorised
   (BUTTON) Status &amp; Success
     * 01. The Problem with Individualism
     * 02. Winners and Losers in the Race of Life
     * 03. Being on the Receiving End of Pity
     * 04. Shakespeare: 'When, in disgrace with fortune and men’s eyes, I
       all alone beweep my outcast state...'
     * 05. Overcoming the Need to Be Exceptional
     * 06. On the Loss of Reputation
     * 07. The Secret Sorrows of Over-Achievers
     * 08. You Are Not What You Earn
     * 09. Artistic Philanthropy
     * 10. The Need to Keep Believing in Luck
     * 11. On Glamour
     * 12. The Incumbent Problem
     * 13. How to Cope with Snobbery
     * 14. On the Dangers of Success
     * 15. On Doing Better Than Our Parents
     * 16. Success at School vs. Success in Life
     * 17. Why We Look Down on People Who Don’t Earn Very Much
     * 18. What Is 'Success'?
     * 19. On Children and Power
     * 20. On Pleasure in the Downfall of the Mighty
     * 21. On Status and Democracy
     * 22. On Failure and Success in the Game of Fame
     * 23. On Envy
     * 24. A Philosophical Exercise for Envy
     * 25. On the Desire for Fame
     * 26. On Consumption and Status Anxiety
     * 27. On the Envy of Politicians
     * 28. On Fame and Sibling Rivalry

   (BUTTON) Utopia
     * 01. Why Humanity Destroyed Itself
     * 02. How Science Could - at Last - Properly Replace Religion
     * 03. Our Forgotten Craving for Community
     * 04. Why isn't the Future here yet?
     * 05. On Changing the World
     * 06. What Community Centres Should Be Like
     * 07. On Seduction
     * 08. The Importance of Utopian Thinking
     * 09. Art is Advertising for What We Really Need
     * 10. Why the World Stands Ready to Be Changed
     * 11. On the Desire to Change the World
     * 12. Utopian Collective Pride
     * 13. Envy of a Utopian Future
     * 14. Utopian Artificial Intelligence
     * 15. Utopian Education
     * 16. Utopian Marriage
     * 17. Utopian Film
     * 18. Utopian Festivals
     * 19. Utopian Culture
     * 20. Utopian Business Consultancy
     * 21. Utopian Media
     * 22. Utopian Government
     * 23. Utopian Capitalism
     * 24. Utopian Celebrity Culture
     * 25. Utopian Tax
     * 26. The Future of the Banking Industry
     * 27. The Future of the Communications Industry
     * 28. The Future of the Hotel Industry

Shop Our Related Products

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Shop All
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

Games for Grown-ups Gift Set

   Price

   €32.00
   Promo badge
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

The Meaning of Life Cards

   Price

   €17.50
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

100 Questions: Original Edition

   Price

   €32.00
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

The Family Game

   Price

   €32.00
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

Conversation Menus Card Set

   Price

   €32.00
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

100 Questions: Family Edition

   Price

   €32.00
   Promo badge
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

Parties with Friends Gift Set

   Price

   €90.00
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

The Dilemmas Game

   Price

   €17.50
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

The Friendship Game

   Price

   €32.00
   (BUTTON)
   Quick View
   Select Quantity:
   (BUTTON) - 1___________________ (BUTTON) +
   Availability
   In stock
   (BUTTON)
   View basket
   Checkout
   Learn More (BUTTON) Add to basket
     * All • Sociability

Meeting Friends

   Price

   €17.50

   Introducing the all new The School of Life App

   Get all of The School of Life in your pocket by downloading now.
   GET THE APP

Sign up for free to The School of Life and get news and a 10% Discount

   Signing up gives you 10% off anything from our online shop. As
   importantly, we'll send you emails about all that goes on at The School
   of Life: our latest ideas, new ways of healing, connecting with other
   participants, our latest books - and more. You can of course
   unsubscribe at any time.

   The School Of Life Logo

   Information
     * Terms &amp; Conditions
     * Privacy Policy
     * Delivery &amp; Returns
     * Wholesale
     * Jobs
     * FAQs
     * Quick Guides

   4.2
   View Feefo reviews
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-22">
<text>
   The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation The Random Acts of Kindness
   Foundation
   (BUTTON) toggle navigation
     * Kindness at School
          +
               o Kindness in the Classroom®
               o Pre-K Lessons
               o Free K-8 Lesson Plans
               o High School Curriculum
               o Distance Learning Mini-Lessons
               o Kindness Beyond The Classroom™
               o Free Training
               o Free Training Materials
          +
               o Other Classroom Resources
               o Kindness Ideas
               o Kindness Posters
               o Coloring Pages
               o Kindness Bingo
               o RAK Tag Cards
               o Kindness Award Certificates
               o Kindness Bookmarks
               o 50 Ways to be Kind Poster
               o Other Kindness Resources
               o How to Start a Kindness Club
               o Recommended Kindness Books
               o Grab and Go Games
               o Family Letter (English &amp; Spanish)
          +
               o 2022-23 School Kindness Calendar
               o [school_calendar_202223-42a9b3531969a68e46f866cde0ac9313f
                 e0699cff3dd81bb20ba60b52c4e397d.png]
               o Download Now
               o Even More Inspiration
               o Kindness Ideas
               o Kindness Quotes
               o Kindness Videos
               o Kindness Stories
               o The Kind Blog
     * At Home
          +
               o Kindness at Home
               o Free Kindness at Home Lesson Plans
               o Kindness Challenge Booklets
               o 2023 Kindness Calendar
               o Kindness Ideas
               o Kindness Posters
               o Coloring Pages
               o Kindness Bingo
               o RAK Tag Cards
               o Kindness Award Certificates
               o Kindness Bookmarks
               o 50 Ways to be Kind Poster
          +
               o Even More Inspiration
               o Kindness Ideas
               o Kindness Quotes
               o Kindness Videos
               o Kindness Stories
               o The Kind Blog
          +
               o Free Kindness Calendar
               o [2022_01-01c2f911cf9282077b42fa28cae60c2ed2e7ad6811b0a191
                 2ebfa1c148694f34.jpg]
               o Download Calendar
               o 2023 Kindness Calendar
     * At Work
          +
               o Kindness at Work
               o Free Kindness at Work Calendar
               o 7 Steps to Create Kindness at Work
               o Take the Kindness at Work Pledge
               o Kindness at Work Poster
               o Kindness Award Certificate
               o RAK Tag Cards
               o Kindness Ideas
          +
               o Even More Inspiration
               o Kindness Ideas
               o Kindness Quotes
               o Kindness Videos
               o Kindness Stories
               o The Kind Blog
          +
               o Free Workplace Kindness Calendar
               o [2022_01-14fdc6a9c107da7474f968470c44af395941d42803b5a9c0
                 893fe085574c5cd8.jpg]
               o Download 2022 Calendar
               o Download 2023 Calendar
     * Become a RAKtivist®
     * Events
          +
               o Random Acts of Kindness Day
               o Feb. 17, 2023
          +
               o Random Acts of Kindness Week
               o Feb. 12-18, 2023
          +
               o World Kindness Day
               o Nov. 13, 2023
     * Sign In

   (BUTTON) ____________________

The Kind Blog

   [large_stranger.jpg]

   June 19, 2014

5 Ways To Help A Stranger

   When was the last time you stopped to help a stranger? Every time you
   leave your home you are bound to encounter a stranger. And you are
   likely to encounter a stranger that needs your help.

   Here are five simple ways you can help a stranger by showing kindness:

   1. Smile- A simple smile can brighten someone's day and turn a crummy
   day around.

   2. Pass up a close parking spot- I have recently started passing up
   parking spots so someone else can park close. I often hope this will
   help an expectant mother, an elderly person or someone with small
   children. Plus, I can always use the exercise!

   3. Leave a BIG tip- My husband and I dine out once a week and I'm
   always appreciative of the pleasant and attentive wait staff. This is a
   difficult job and sometimes I like to leave a BIG tip as I figure a
   little extra money never hurt anyone. You never know what difference
   $10, $20 or more could make in a person's life.

   4. Hold a door- I know this one sounds simple but I can't tell you how
   many times I've had a door whack me in the face because the person in
   front of me opened the door and just kept moving. Especially holding
   doors for parents with children/strollers, those in
   wheelchairs/scooters and people with their arms full. I always love to
   see someone approaching a door and I wait to hold it open for them.
   They usually get a little hop in their step, smile and say, 'Thanks so
   much!' I also make sure when children hold the door open for me I show
   appreciation and let them know it was a kind gesture.

   5. Stop and look around- In 2011 I started a giving journey. A mission
   to give a gift every day. The biggest thing the journey taught me is
   that we are busy. We are all moving very fast and have blinders on most
   of the time. I think one of the best ways for all of us to help each
   other out is to slow down and look around. I'm amazed at the need all
   around if I just stop and look for it. I guarantee when you look you,
   will recognize how you are to help out a stranger.

   I always love to end with a challenge, so the next time you encounter a
   stranger needing help, lend a hand and share your story with us. I'd
   also appreciate it if you would share this blog with friends and
   family. They may just need an idea on how to help a stranger.

   Stephanie

   Stephanie L. Jones is a daily gift giver. You can follow her gift
   giving at www.facebook.com/1makingadifference2. She is also a life
   coach and motivational speaker at Giving Gal, LLC.
     *
     *
     * sign in to favorite this post

   Back to The Kind Blog

   2 Comments
   JUNE 4, 2018
   I love this... I try to smile as much as I can and show this post to as
   many people as I can. THANKS You changed the way I look at life.
     __________________________________________________________________

   JANUARY 24, 2017
   You are right. Small things matter. People matter.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Please log in or sign up to add your commment.
   More Blog Posts
   [thumb_explorethegood_englishgolden.jpg]

   Random Acts of Kindness Day 2021
   Read Post [thumb_learning_to_dance_in_the_rain.jpg]

   Explore the Good
   Read Post [thumb_8_ways.jpg]

   8 Ways to Create an Amazing Onboarding Experience Your New Hires Won't
   Ever Forget
   Read Post [thumb_make_kindness_the_norm.png]

   Make Kindness the Norm
   Read Post [thumb_dating_news_post.jpg]

   Tips to Help Couples Bring More Positivity to Their Communities
   Read Post [thumb_kaizen_blog.jpg]

   Kaizen; The One Minute Principle
   Read Post [thumb_school_calendar_202223.jpg]

   Welcome Back!
   Read Post [thumb_five_self-care_tips.jpg]

   5 Self-Care Tips for Educators
   Read Post

   See All Posts

   Make kindness the norm.^™
   The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation
   Follow us on social
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Kindness at School
     * Kindness Ideas
     * Pre-K Lesson Plans
     * Free K-8 Lesson Plans
     * High School Curriculum
     * Distance Learning Mini-Lessons
     * Kindness Beyond The Classroom™
     * Backed by Research
     * About Our Approach
     * Frequently Asked Questions
     * Success Stories
     * Free Training Materials

   Kindness at Home
     * Kindness Ideas
     * Free Kindness at Home Lesson Plans
     * Kindness Challenge Booklets
     * 2023 Kindness Calendar
     * Kindness Posters
     * Coloring Pages
     * Kindness Bingo
     * RAK Tag Cards
     * Kindness Award Certificates
     * Kindness Bookmarks
     * 50 Ways to be Kind Poster

   Kindness at Work
     * Kindness Ideas
     * Free Kindness at Work Calendar
     * 7 Steps to Create Kindness at Work
     * Take the Kindness at Work Pledge
     * Kindness at Work Poster
     * Kindness Award Certificate
     * RAK Tag Cards

   Kindness Events
     * RAK Day®—Feb. 17, 2023
     * RAK Week—Feb. 12-18, 2023
     * World Kindness Day®—Nov. 13, 2023

   Keep in Touch
     * The Kind Blog
     * Email Newsletters

   About Us
     * About Us
     * FAQs
     * Newsletters
     * The Science of Kindness
     * Media Kit &amp; Logos
     * Partnership Guidelines
     * Contact Us

   ©1995-2023 The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
   "RAK", "RAKtivist", "Kindness in the Classroom", "Kindness Starts With
   One", "Random Acts of Kindness Day", "Make Kindness The Norm" and "Kind
   Times" are trademarks or registered trademarks of The Random Acts of
   Kindness Foundation. Note: The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation does
   not pay indirect costs for research.
   Privacy Policy   |   Terms of Use
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-23">
<text>
   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5JHPTP

   Skip to main content

   USCCB
   ____________________________________________________________
   Go

Menu: Top Buttons

     * Help Now
     * Readings
     * Search

Menu: Top

     * Daily Readings
     * Daily Readings Calendar
     * Find a Parish
     * Report Abuse

Main navigation

     * Daily Readings
     * About USCCB
          + Our Role &amp; Mission
          + Strategic Plan
          + Leadership
          + Bishops and Dioceses
          + Offices &amp; Committees
          + Plenary Assemblies
          + Financial Reporting
          + Careers
          + Events
          + Contact
     * Prayer &amp; Worship
          + Daily Readings Calendar
          + Prayer
          + Search Mass Times
          + The Mass
          + Sacraments
          + Liturgy of the Hours
          + Liturgical Year &amp; Calendar
          + Music &amp; Art
     * Bible
          + Understanding the Bible
          + Books of the Bible
          + Approved Translations
          + Bible FAQ
          + Study Materials
          + The Bible in Liturgy
          + Bible Permissions
     * Issues &amp; Action
          + Topics
               o Catholic Safeguards
          + Act Now
               o Help Now
               o Take Action
               o Contact Public Officials
               o Meetings &amp; Events
               o Get Connected
               o Pray
     * News
          + Newsroom
          + Catholic News Service
          + Public Affairs
          + Catholic Current Podcasts
     * Resources
          + Resource Library
          + Catechism of the Catholic Church
          + Get Connected
          + Subscribe
          + Movie Reviews
          + Events Calendar
          + Parish Resources

   United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
   ____________________________________________________________
   Go

Pastoral Care of Migrants, Refugees, &amp; Travelers

Welcoming the Stranger Among Us: Unity in Diversity

     * @USCulturalDiver

Welcoming the Stranger Among Us: Unity in Diversity

     * Home
     * About
          + Who We Are
     * Resources
          + Demographics
          + Catholic Organizations
          + Other Resources
     * Initiatives
          + African National Eucharistic Congress (ANEC)
     * Ministries
          + People on the Move
          + Stella Maris
          + Ethnic Ministries
     * News &amp; Events
     * Contact

Breadcrumb

    1. Home
    2. Pastoral Care of Migrants, Refugees, &amp; Travelers
    3. Welcoming the Stranger Among Us: Unity in Diversity

Issued by NCCB/USCC, November 15, 2000

   Copyright © 2000, United States Catholic Conference, Inc. All rights
   reserved.


   ORDER COPIES: English | Spanish



Contents


     * Summary

     * Introduction: An Immigrant Church, Then and Now
       The Immigrant Church Today
       Who Are the New Immigrants?
       The Migration for Survival
          + Undocumented Immigrants
       Immigrant Families and Their Communities
       The New Immigration and the Church

     * The Calling of the Church
       A Tradition of Welcome and Pastoral Concern

     * A Call to Conversion
       Forgetful of Our Heritage
       Competition for Resources
       Cultural Fears
       Institutional Obstacles

     * A Call to Communion
       Coming to Understand Others as the First Form of Hospitality
       Intercultural Communication
       Languages for Ministry
       Ministry in a Multicultural Church
          + National or Regional Level
          + Diocesan Level
          + Parish Level
          + The Special Needs of Youth

     * The Call to Solidarity

     * Conclusion: A Call to a New Evangelization

     * Notes

Summary

   On June 2, 2000, the Jubilee Day for Migrants and Refugees, Pope John
   Paul II celebrated the Eucharist in St. Peter's Square for over 50,000
   migrants, refugees, people on the move, and their chaplains from all
   over the world. The Eucharist drew that great diversity of people into
   unity in the communion of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, realizing a
   Jubilee Year hope for the Church: "to gather into one the dispersed
   children of God," "to sum up all things in Christ, in heaven and on
   earth" (Jn 11:52; Eph 1:10).
   Unity in diversity is the vision that we bishops, as pastors of the
   Church in the United States, offer to our people as they welcome the
   new immigrants and refugees who come to our shores. In the past
   thirty-five years the number and variety of immigrants coming to the
   United States have provided a great challenge for us as pastors.
   Previous immigrants had come predominantly from Europe or as slaves
   from Africa, but many of the new immigrants come from Latin America and
   the Caribbean, Asia and the Pacific Islands, the Middle East, Africa,
   Eastern Europe, and the former Soviet Union and Yugoslavia. Though a
   good number come as skilled workers and professionals, the greater
   number come as refugees and immigrants on the edge of survival; large
   numbers join families already here; others arrive without proper
   documents. Many were forced to leave their homeland because of a
   well-founded fear of persecution. This diversity of ethnicity,
   education, and social class challenges us as pastors to welcome these
   new immigrants and help them join our communities in ways that are
   respectful of their cultures and in ways that mutually enrich the
   immigrants and the receiving Church.
   To pursue this vision of unity in diversity, we have chosen the way
   marked out by Pope John Paul II as he stood beneath the figure of Our
   Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City on January 22, 1999, and announced the
   summary of Ecclesia in America: namely, the call to conversion,
   communion, and solidarity.
   The presence of so many people of so many different cultures and
   religions in so many different parts of the United States has
   challenged us as a Church to a profound conversion so that we can
   become truly a sacrament of unity. We reject the anti-immigrant stance
   that has become popular in different parts of our country, and the
   nativism, ethnocentricity, and racism that continue to reassert
   themselves in our communities. We are challenged to get beyond ethnic
   communities living side by side within our own parishes without any
   connection with each other. We are challenged to become an evangelizing
   Church open to interreligious dialogue and willing to proclaim the
   Gospel to those who wish to hear it. The new immigrants call most of us
   back to our ancestral heritage as descendants of immigrants and to our
   baptismal heritage as members of the body of Christ."For in one Spirit
   we were all baptized into one body, whether Jews or Greeks, slaves or
   free persons, and we are all given to drink of one Spirit" (1 Cor
   12:13).
   The call to communion goes out to all members of the Church—bishops,
   priests, deacons, religious, lay leaders, and parishioners—to prepare
   themselves to receive the newcomers with a genuine spirit of welcome.
   Simple, grace-filled kindness and concern on the part of all
   parishioners to newcomers are the first steps. This can be accompanied
   by language and culture study as well as constant and patient efforts
   at intercultural communication. The integration of incoming groups is
   complex because of multiple Mass schedules and lack of personnel or
   resources, but if the receiving parish staffs and parishioners are open
   to the newcomers and provide a bridge to join cultures to one another,
   the newcomers themselves will provide the leadership and show the way
   to a healthy integration. Both on parish and diocesan levels, the
   presence of brothers and sisters from different cultures should be
   celebrated as a gift to the Church through well-prepared liturgies, lay
   leadership development programs inclusive of all, the appointment of
   prepared leaders of immigrant communities to parish and diocesan
   positions, and special efforts to help youth find their way as they
   experience themselves often torn between two cultures.
   One successful model of unity in diversity was Encuentro 2000: Many
   Faces in God's House, the National Conference of Catholic Bishops'
   celebration for the Jubilee Year. In the materials prior to the
   celebration, Encuentro 2000 offered a discussion method called the
   "mutual invitation process," which maximizes intercultural
   participation. In the celebration itself, Encuentro 2000 was an
   experience of the exuberance and vitality, the profound faith and
   devotional life of the participants. Encuentro 2000 also demonstrated
   that communion in a multicultural Church is a true possibility for the
   new millennium.
   The call to solidarity can be summed up in Pope John Paul II's Message
   for World Migration Day 2000: "The Church hears the suffering cry of
   all who are uprooted from their own land, of families forcefully
   separated, of those who, in the rapid changes of our day, are unable to
   find a stable home anywhere. She senses the anguish of those without
   rights, without any security, at the mercy of every kind of
   exploitation, and she supports them in their unhappiness" (no. 6). We
   bishops commit ourselves and all the members of our church communities
   to continue the work of advocacy for laws that respect the human rights
   of immigrants and preserve the unity of the immigrant family. We
   encourage the extension of social services, citizenship classes,
   community organizing efforts that secure improved housing conditions,
   decent wages, better medical attention, and appropriate educational
   opportunities for immigrants and refugees. We advocate reform of the
   1996 immigration laws that have undermined some basic human rights for
   immigrants. We join with others of good will in a call for legalization
   opportunities for the maximum number of undocumented persons,
   particularly those who have built equities and otherwise contributed to
   their communities.
   In Ecclesia in America, Pope John Paul II calls for a "new
   evangelization" centered on the person of Jesus Christ. "‘The encounter
   with the living Jesus Christ' is ‘the path to conversion, communion and
   solidarity'" (no. 7). Such an encounter, so central to all our Jubilee
   Year activities, leads to a daily vision of the risen Lord, present and
   active in the world, especially in the poor, in the stranger, and in
   the migrant and refugee. These immigrants, new to our shores, call us
   out of our unawareness to a conversion of mind and heart through which
   we are able to offer a genuine and suitable welcome, to share together
   as brothers and sisters at the same table, and to work side by side to
   improve the quality of life for society's marginalized members. In so
   doing, we work to bring all the children of God into a fuller
   communion,"the communion willed by God, begun in time and destined for
   completion in the fullness of the Kingdom" (Ecclesia in America, no.
   33).

Introduction: An Immigrant Church, Then and Now

   "For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me
   drink, a stranger and you welcomed me." (Mt 25:35)

   On June 2, 2000, the Jubilee Day for Migrants and Refugees, Pope John
   Paul II looked out over a sunlit crowd of pilgrims gathered in St.
   Peter's Square from all nations: migrants, refugees, seafarers,
   Gypsies,^1 foreign students, circus and carnival workers, airport
   workers, truckers, all varieties of people on the move with their
   bishop promoters, their chaplains and spiritual directors. The pope
   celebrated the Eucharist, which drew that great diversity of people
   into unity in the communion of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. He
   reminded them that in the Church they are meant to experience this
   trinitarian communion. In the Church their diversity is to be grounded
   in a profound unity. Through the members of the Church, solitary
   migrations are to end in the embrace of solidarity.

   This jubilee vision of Pope John Paul II is the vision guiding us, the
   bishops of the United States, as we respond to the new immigrants who
   have recently come to our shores.

    Twenty years ago in Beyond the Melting Pot: Cultural Pluralism in the
   United States, we the bishops of the United States noted that cultural
   pluralism was the common heritage of all Americans. As the new
   millennium unfolds, the "new immigration" from all the continents of
   the world calls attention to the reality of the United States as
   largely a "nation of immigrants" and to the diversity of national and
   ethnic origins of all people of this country. In this new context, the
   Catholic community is rapidly re-encountering itself as an "immigrant
   Church," a witness at once to the diversity of people who make up our
   world and to our unity in one humanity, destined to enjoy the fullness
   of God's blessings in Jesus Christ. This unity in diversity was
   celebrated at Encuentro 2000, sponsored as the National Conference of
   Catholic Bishops' principal jubilee celebration, highlighting "many
   faces in God's house."

   A century ago, the Church responded generously to the needs of
   immigrants: building parishes and schools, establishing a vast array of
   charitable institutions, evangelizing newcomers, and being evangelized
   in turn by immigrant Catholics with distinctive traditions of worship
   and often a deep spirituality of their own. Members of the Eastern
   Catholic Churches arrived during the same period. They were not always
   understood by their fellow Catholics, although they were received and
   did develop as members of the Church in America. Despite the attacks of
   "nativists" and the criticisms made by English-speaking Catholics,
   national parishes were established that provided a safe haven where
   newcomers were able to pray and hear the word of God in their own
   languages, begin the education of their children in the language of the
   home, and so adapt to their new society with the security of community
   and faith. The Church embraced these immigrants, supporting them in
   their striving to build a better life and encouraging the efforts of
   many of them to help build a labor movement that could represent them
   in that struggle. And then, as now—despite the predictions of
   critics—immigrants and their children quickly became vital participants
   in American society, acquiring proficiency in English by the second and
   third generations, rising in the educational system, and contributing
   in thousands of ways to the economic growth and social, political, and
   spiritual life of the country.


   Who Are the New Immigrants?
   The "new" immigration to the United States stems from global
   changes—both economic and political—over the past forty years and from
   legal changes starting with the 1965 Immigration Act. The latter
   abolished the quota system that had systematically favored immigrants
   from Western Europe and had largely cut off immigration from Asia,
   Africa, and the Middle East after 1920. Meanwhile war, economic
   distress, the desire to be reunited with families, and the new legal
   opportunities since the 1960s have prompted a diverse immigration from
   Latin America and the Caribbean, Asia and the Pacific Islands, the
   Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe, and the former Soviet Union and
   Yugoslavia.


   While the new immigrants include many unskilled workers who perform
   difficult and menial tasks as in the past, the new immigrants also
   include many skilled workers, recruited to fill specialized positions
   as nurses, computer professionals, and scientists. The United States is
   thus beneficiary of the years of education, training, and experience
   that come with these new workers. While we welcome all the new
   immigrants and recognize that our Church, like the United States as a
   whole, has come to depend upon the many talents and profound energy of
   newcomers, we must also remind our government that the emigration of
   talented and trained individuals from the poorer countries represents a
   profound loss to those countries. And we remind heads of government
   around the world that emigration of all kinds—but especially that of
   those fleeing war and persecution, famine and economic distress—is a
   sign of the failure of the whole international community to guarantee
   the security and welfare of all people in their homelands.

   The ultimate resolution of the problems associated with forced
   migration and illegal immigration lies in changing the conditions that
   drive persons from their countries of origin. Accordingly, we urge the
   governments of the world, particularly our own government, to promote a
   just peace in those countries that are at war, to protect human rights
   in those countries that deny them, and to foster the economic
   development of those countries that are unable to provide for their own
   peoples. We also urge the governments of the "receiving" countries to
   welcome these immigrants, to provide for their immediate needs, and to
   enable them to come to self-sufficiency as quickly as possible.


   The Migration for Survival
   We must never forget that many immigrants come to this country in
   desperate circumstances. Some have fled political persecution, war, and
   economic devastation, particularly from Southeast Asia in the 1970s,
   Central America and the Caribbean in the 1980s, and the former
   Yugoslavia, the former Soviet Union, and Africa in the 1990s. Others
   have wagered on finding a better life in this country in the face of
   economic desperation at home. As Pope John Paul II has noted, "In many
   regions of the world today people live in tragic situations of
   instability and uncertainty. It does not come as a surprise that in
   such contexts the poor and the destitute make plans to escape, to seek
   a new land that can offer them bread, dignity and peace. This is the
   migration of the desperate. . . . Unfortunately, the reality they find
   in host nations is frequently a source of further disappointment"
   (Message on World Migration Day 2000, no. 4).


   Some refugees^2 have enjoyed the sanction and support of the U.S.
   government, while others have been denied attention and systematically
   deported, and some have been subjected to humiliating incarceration
   under deplorable conditions. Increasing numbers of refugees from the
   conflicts of the 1980s have seen their status adjusted to that of
   permanent residency; but disparities in treatment, complicated and
   drawn-out asylum procedures, and long waits for service contribute to
   the already difficult process of adjustment that individuals and
   families in flight have to face. Both individual lay people and church
   agencies have worked alongside secular organizations to correct these
   situations and address the sufferings of those caught up in the complex
   and bureaucratic U.S. immigration system whose policies often lead to
   the fragmenting of families, but more needs to be done.

     Undocumented Immigrants
     One reality remains constant in the American experience of
     immigration: the demand of the U.S. economy for unskilled labor—and
     the corresponding entrance of immigrants seeking work—in
     labor-intensive industries such as agriculture, construction, food
     processing, and services. Undocumented immigrants face special
     hardships in such areas. The Immigration and Naturalization Service
     estimates that three to four million undocumented workers hold jobs
     in this country, many of which are poorly paid, insecure, and
     dangerous. They face discrimination in the workplace and on the
     streets, the constant threat of arrest and deportation, and the fear
     that they or their children will be denied medical care, education,
     or job opportunities. Many have lived in the United States for
     years, establishing roots in their communities, building their
     families, paying taxes, and contributing to the economy. If arrested
     and deported, they leave behind children and sometimes spouses who
     are American citizens. While the changes in the law over the last
     several years have enabled many in this situation to adjust their
     status to that of permanent resident, the 1996 immigration
     legislation made this option more difficult for the vast majority.
     Without condoning undocumented migration, the Church supports the
     human rights of all people and offers them pastoral care, education,
     and social services, no matter what the circumstances of entry into
     this country, and it works for the respect of the human dignity of
     all—especially those who find themselves in desperate circumstances.
     We recognize that nations have the right to control their borders.
     We also recognize and strongly assert that all human persons,
     created as they are in the image of God, possess a fundamental
     dignity that gives rise to a more compelling claim to the conditions
     worthy of human life. Accordingly, the Church also advocates
     legalization opportunities for the maximum number of undocumented
     persons, particularly those who have built equities and otherwise
     contributed to their communities.

   Immigrant Families and Their Communities
   The vast majority of the 600,000 to 900,000 immigrants admitted
   annually to this country enter as immediate relatives of U.S. citizens
   or legal permanent residents, a trend that coincides with the Church's
   teaching supporting family reunification. At the same time, the family
   preference system continues to experience considerable backlogs,
   prolonging the separation of families. The 1996 immigration laws have
   torn apart families that have established themselves in the United
   States over many years, sometimes on the basis of minor criminal
   offences duly punished years ago.

   Over a third of the new immigrants have become naturalized citizens,
   and the longer immigrants remain here the more likely they will become
   citizens; but here, too, the Church views with grave concern recent
   legislation^3 that has withdrawn basic benefits from legal residents
   who are not yet citizens and threatened the ability of many
   hard-working immigrants to remain in this country.

   Immigrants experience the tensions of their new situation much more
   than the society around them does. They have settled in a foreign land
   with laws, customs, and a language that they must master sooner or
   later, often at great personal cost. They struggle to build community
   among themselves in hopes of providing the sense of continuity and
   security they need in order to face the new world they have chosen or
   were forced to accept. They do not want to give up all that they value
   in their own ways of life—nor do they want their children to grow up
   without those traditions. Thus, many households carry on, to one degree
   or another, the cultures of immigrant parents, and today, one in five
   Americans enjoys immediate ties to a heritage beyond our borders.

   These realities ensure that few Americans have not encountered recent
   immigrants to this country in their neighborhoods and workplaces. Long
   Beach, California, is home to more Cambodians than Phnom Phen. Los
   Angeles ranks just behind Mexico City and Guadalajara in the number of
   residents of Mexican origin. Chicago at times has had more persons of
   Polish extraction than Warsaw. At the same time, rural towns and small
   cities throughout the country have begun to feel a presence of
   immigrants in their communities not seen since the great wave of
   immigration at the end of the nineteenth century.


   The New Immigration and the Church
   Many of the new immigrants are Catholics. Probably more than 80 percent
   of Hispanic immigrants were raised in the Catholic faith. By some
   estimates, Hispanic Catholics—including the United States' large Puerto
   Rican and Mexican American populations^4—could make up the majority of
   U.S. Catholics within the next twenty years. But other immigrant
   populations also include large numbers of Catholics. Filipinos, who
   represent almost 5 percent of the immigrant population, are
   overwhelmingly Catholic. Some 350,000 of the 1.4 million Vietnamese
   immigrants in this country are Catholic. These Catholics are joined by
   thousands of Eastern Catholics coming from the former Soviet Union, the
   Middle East, and India. A smaller but still significant number of the
   Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Laotian, Sri Lankan, Indonesian, Tongan,
   Samoan, and Asian Indian immigrants are also Catholic. Among the
   increasing numbers of immigrants from Africa, many are Catholics,
   raised in the vibrant Catholic culture of the Church's fastest growing
   region.

   Throughout the country, the liturgy and church decor increasingly
   reflect the cultural gifts of the new immigrants, with their own images
   of Mary and the saints, their songs, and their distinctive celebrations
   taking their place alongside those of older generations of immigrants.
   And immigrant communities provide a growing percentage of the vocations
   to the priesthood and religious life as well as lay leadership at the
   service of the Church in the United States today. The profile provided
   regarding the new immigrants who are Catholic should not minimize the
   Church's overwhelming concern for all new arrivals, regardless of their
   religious tradition or lack of one.



The Calling of the Church


   In this context of opportunity and challenge that is the new
   immigration, we bishops of the United States reaffirm the commitment of
   the Church, in the words of Pope John Paul II, to work "so that every
   person's dignity is respected, the immigrant is welcomed as a brother
   or sister, and all humanity forms a united family which knows how to
   appreciate with discernment the different cultures which comprise it"
   (Message for World Migration Day 2000, no. 5). We call upon all people
   of good will, but Catholics especially, to welcome the newcomers in
   their neighborhoods and schools, in their places of work and worship,
   with heartfelt hospitality, openness, and eagerness both to help and to
   learn from our brothers and sisters, of whatever race, religion,
   ethnicity, or background.

   A Tradition of Welcome and Pastoral Concern
   This call is based on the rich heritage of Scripture and the Church's
   teaching. The patriarchs themselves were nomads. Settled by the hand of
   God in the time of Abraham, they soon migrated to Egypt, where they
   suffered oppression and were delivered once again by God's hand. From
   this experience comes a deep appreciation for the plight of the
   migrant, underlined in the words of Scripture: "You shall not oppress
   an alien; you well know how it feels to be an alien, since you were
   once aliens yourselves in the land of Egypt" (Ex 23:9). "You shall
   treat the stranger who resides with you no differently than the natives
   born among you, have the same love for him as for yourself; for you too
   were once strangers in the land of Egypt" (Lv 19:33-34). The Torah made
   special provisions for immigrants with the reminder that "you too were
   once slaves in Egypt" (Dt 16:9-12): "At the end of every third year you
   shall bring out all the tithes of your produce for that year and
   deposit them in community stores, that the Levite who has no share in
   the heritage with you, and also the alien, the orphan and the widow who
   belong to your community, may come and eat their fill; so that the
   Lord, your God, may bless you in all that you undertake" (Dt 14:28-29).

   Indeed, the experience of exile, oppression, and deliverance to the
   Promised Land is the central act of the drama of salvation for Judaism.
   In honor of God's deliverance of his people, Israel was enjoined to
   show justice towards all: "For the Lord, your God, is the God of gods,
   the Lord of lords, the great God, mighty and awesome, who has no
   favorites, accepts no bribes; who executes justice for the orphan and
   the widow, and befriends the alien, feeding and clothing him. So you
   too must befriend the alien, for you were once aliens yourselves in the
   land of Egypt" (Dt 10:17-19). Jesus echoes this tradition when he
   proclaims prophetically, "For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was
   thirsty and you gave me drink, a stranger and you welcomed me" (Mt
   25:35).

   The Church has remained faithful to this call to care for migrants of
   all kinds and has responded accordingly over the centuries. The
   apostolic constitution Exsul Familia, promulgated by Pope Pius XII in
   1952, takes its name from its evocation of the "émigré Holy Family of
   Nazareth, fleeing into Egypt," to which the pope pointed as "the
   archetype of every refugee family." Pope Pius XII recalls a long
   tradition of papal solicitude for immigrants and refugees, noting the
   hospitality to strangers and refugees traditionally provided by the
   Holy See and recalling the words of the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215:
   "We find in most countries, cities and dioceses people of diverse
   languages who, though bound by one Faith, have varied rites and
   customs. Therefore we strictly enjoin that the Bishops of these cities
   or dioceses provide the proper men, who will celebrate the Liturgical
   Functions according to their rites and languages." The pope cites with
   pride, as one proof of the Church's constant solicitude in this
   respect, the provisions for the establishment of "national parishes" in
   the United States in the nineteenth century to accommodate the
   immigrants of that era.

   The Second Vatican Council likewise called on the national bishops'
   conferences to pay special attention to those who "are not adequately
   cared for by the ordinary pastoral ministry of the parochial clergy or
   are entirely deprived of it," including "the many migrants, exiles and
   refugees," and to devise solutions for them (Christus Dominus, no. 18),
   a call endorsed by Pope Paul VI in approving a revision of church norms
   regarding pastoral care for immigrants. His Instruction on the Pastoral
   Care of People Who Migrate affirmed that "migrating people carry with
   them their own mentality, their own language, their own culture, and
   their own religion. All of these things are parts of a certain
   spiritual heritage of opinions, traditions and culture which will
   perdure outside the homeland. Let it be prized highly everywhere" (no.
   11).

    These words should apply with special force to members of the numerous
   Eastern Catholic Churches, who preserve ancient traditions of worship
   and practice reaching back to the days of the apostles. In full
   communion with the Catholic Church, they are the bearers of the
   authentic teachings of the Church, each according to their own
   traditions. Because of political upheaval, war, and religious
   persecution, the twentieth century saw an unprecedented emigration—one
   that continues today—of Eastern Catholics who are a minority in their
   countries of origin and who must struggle to maintain their faith and
   their traditions in the United States in the context of the predominant
   Latin Church.

   Pope John Paul II urges in his apostolic letter Orientale Lumen that a
   "conversion is . . . required of the Latin Church, that she may respect
   and fully appreciate the dignity of Eastern Christians, and accept
   gratefully the spiritual treasures of which the Eastern Catholic
   Churches are the bearers, to the benefit of the entire catholic
   Communion" (no. 21).

   The immigrants among us thus bring a richness that we are bound to
   embrace, for their sake and for our own. As Pope Paul VI noted, in
   words recently recalled by Pope John Paul II, "The Church can regard no
   one as excluded from its motherly embrace, no one as outside the scope
   of its motherly care. It has no enemies except those who wish to make
   themselves such. Its catholicity is no idle boast. It was not for
   nothing that it received its mission to foster love, unity and peace
   among men" (Ecclesiam Suam, no. 94). The way to achieve this mission
   was presented on January 22, 1999, when Pope John Paul II stood beneath
   the image of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City and delivered to the
   whole Church the post-synodal apostolic exhortation Ecclesia in
   America—On the Encounter with the Living Jesus Christ: The Way to
   Conversion, Communion and Solidarity in America. This is the way we
   will follow in this document.

A Call to Conversion

   Though we celebrate the diversity within our communities, we bishops
   must also confess that today, as in the past, the treatment of the
   immigrant too often reflects failures of understanding and sinful
   patterns of chauvinism, prejudice, and discrimination that deny the
   unity of the human family, of which the one baptism is our enduring
   sign. Such patterns, in the words of Pope John Paul II, "show the
   urgent need for a transformation of structures and a change of
   mentality, which is what the Great Jubilee of the Year 2000 asks of
   Christians and every person of good will" (Message for World Migration
   Day 2000, no. 1). For Catholics especially, a recognition of failures
   in the face of the opportunities and challenges of the new immigration
   should serve as a call to a renewal of baptismal vows, through
   repentance and a sharing in the mercy of the one Lord who would gather
   all to himself in the unity of the children of God.

   We bishops must confess, as well, that recent immigrants have not
   always encountered welcome in the Church. Today immigrants of all sorts
   too often face prejudice within the Church. At times their legitimate
   desire to worship in their own language, according to their own
   traditions, has not been satisfied. Some have been turned away by
   pastors or find their petition for a Mass in their own language and a
   share in parish facilities opposed by members of the parish community.
   For those who live far from concentrated populations of people who
   share their heritage, there is often no alternative but to struggle
   through the English Mass while the deepest expressions of their spirit
   cry out silently in another language. Where the Church has not been
   welcoming, many have turned to other sources of community and religious
   fulfillment, but at the expense of abandoning the riches of their
   Catholic faith and native traditions.

   Forgetful of Our Heritage
   Perhaps the greatest obstacle to welcoming the stranger is that many
   Americans have forgotten their immigrant past. "Nativism" assumes that
   there is just one image of a "real American" and that immigrants either
   cannot live up to it or willfully refuse to do so. Originally directed
   against Catholics of all sorts, today such nativism can be seen in a
   campaign against "multiculturalism" in all its forms, on the premise
   that reverence for distinctive traditions and histories undermines the
   unity of American society. Like the Catholic "Americanizers" of the
   nineteenth century, who opposed the establishment of national parishes,
   the critics of multiculturalism today want immigrants and other
   distinctive groups to shed their languages, customs, and identities as
   quickly as possible, to become Americans "just like the rest of us."
   But "the rest of us" are, in fact, a culturally plural
   society—Catholics, Protestants, Jews, and Muslims; believers and
   non-believers; Southerners and Northerners; Irish, Italian, and
   Mexican—proud of our heritages and proud to be Americans, all at once.

   A kind of nativism appears in the Church itself when established
   members insist that there is just one way to worship, one set of
   familiar hymns, one small handful of familiar devotions, one way to
   organize a parish community, one language for all—and that immigrants
   must adapt to that way of doing things. In doing so, such nativists
   forget not only that their ancestors spoke different languages and
   worshiped in different ways not long ago, but that their devotions and
   familiar saints, even their patterns of church organization, sprang
   from encounters between differing traditions within the Church.

   Competition for Resources
   Competition for resources and recognition among the ethnic groups of
   the parish often centers on specifics such as Mass times, the use of
   facilities, and the attention of priests; but such conflicts can
   reflect vague fears that one group will somehow displace a
   long-established one. Established parishioners, used to thinking of
   their parish practices and religious traditions as the norm, may cling
   to their control over the parish council or "prime" Sunday Mass times.
   They may find themselves increasingly a minority and may react with
   fear to protect the parish where they were raised and where they saw
   their children baptized and educated in the faith. African American
   Catholics, who have their own history of having been excluded and
   discriminated against in the larger Church, as in society in general,
   now face newcomers in many of their parishes, newcomers who threaten
   their hold on the few institutions where they have come to feel at
   home. In some cases, multiple immigrant groups compete with one another
   within a single parish. In other cases, immigrant clergy struggle with
   their bishop or pastor for control over the finances of an immigrant
   group or for final authority over the congregation. While such
   competition can be destructive of community life, the issues involved
   are often real, and they require wisdom, much charity, and careful
   mediation to reach solutions that respect the legitimate concerns of
   all sides.

   Cultural Fears
   The fears associated with encounters between groups are often difficult
   to overcome precisely because they are unacknowledged or unclear. Some
   are afraid because they do not know how to behave with others of a
   different culture. Others—in ignorance, relying on stereotypes—are
   convinced that those who are different are also somehow inferior: less
   educated, "dirty," or dangerous. Negative images and derogatory jokes
   and remarks readily merge with racism, America's "original sin,"
   reinforcing the fear of the unknown in many people's minds by creating
   stereotypes about people whose facial features or skin color identify
   them as Asian, Arab, African, or Mexican. In some instances, racism has
   been so deeply ingrained that an institutional racism prevails. Racist
   attitudes can linger in subtle ways, even when people get to know one
   another in parish activities, unless we vigorously educate ourselves
   about our neighbors, learn to appreciate their heritages, encounter
   their own images of us, and strive to work with them on behalf of
   common causes.

   Some of our fears are tied to what we see as defense of our own culture
   or way of life. Many people cling—rightfully so—to their distinctive
   culture. They fear the loss of their own familiar ways of doing things
   as they encounter new images and practices of community life and
   worship that are foreign to them. Immigrants themselves often fear
   other groups and worry that their children will lose the values of the
   homeland, come to show disrespect towards their parents and elders, and
   exchange their own culture for the consumer values of the surrounding
   society. Such concerns are well founded, and they compound the
   difficulties of adaptation to a new setting as both host and immigrant
   react, each against the other, in fear of change.

   Change, however, is inevitable as immigrants set down roots in this
   country, enriching American culture while adopting aspects of it
   themselves. Indeed, it would be a mistake to regard any culture as
   fixed and immutable. All cultures are in constant processes of change
   as their members seek new ways to address individual and group needs
   and as they encounter new situations and other cultures. Indeed, no
   culture is either permanent or perfect. All constantly need to be
   evangelized and uplifted by the good news of Jesus Christ. The
   encounter between cultures that is an everyday affair in the
   incorporation of immigrants into the Church and the communities of the
   United States should provoke not only adaptation on both sides but a
   critical discernment of the strengths and failings of each culture in
   the light of the Gospel.

   Institutional Obstacles
   Institutional inadequacies have also impeded the full-fledged welcome
   and communion to which the Church is called. Parish and diocesan
   structures have not always been flexible enough to accommodate sudden
   influxes of new groups. Parishes have found themselves serving faith
   communities that draw members from far outside parish boundaries,
   raising questions about the sources and limits of parish resources. And
   regrettably, some parishes have found that their parishioners have
   imbibed the post-1960s societal attitude of exclusion of new
   immigrants. In many cases, immigrant Catholics have been attracted to
   evangelical and Pentecostal churches, leaving behind their Catholic
   faith.

   Many pastors struggle to accommodate separate worship communities who
   celebrate their faith in their native tongues within the same parish.
   Pastors strive to meet the needs of multiple culturally diverse groups
   who are too small to support their own Eucharist and specialized
   programs. Similarly, pastors who wish to serve whoever approaches the
   altar may lack the experience or the models to know how to reach out to
   newcomers who are not Catholic or whose Catholicism has not included a
   regular liturgical life or whose faith is tied more closely to home and
   family than to the parish community.

   Immigrant communities must find priests willing and able to minister in
   their language and a place to gather for worship and community
   activities. They are often at a loss as to how to supply themselves
   with liturgical texts and educational materials and how to develop a
   sense of communion with a diocese whose language is not their own. They
   struggle to balance the competing demands of U.S. schools and the
   larger culture on their youth with their own desires to benefit their
   children with traditional values and culture. Immigrant priests may
   find themselves jealous of their own autonomy and better able to relate
   to their own priests' associations and dioceses of origin than to the
   priests and diocese of their U.S. home, where they may feel a lack of
   welcome.

   The tensions and debates occasioned by such concerns can sometimes lead
   to greater understanding within the Church. But they can also lead, in
   the extreme, to painful schisms and the alienation of the faithful from
   the Church. Taken together—and despite the efforts of many
   dioceses—such tensions make clear that the Church has not adequately
   addressed the host of questions that surround pastoral ministry to the
   new immigrants. In this and the other respects mentioned above, the
   Church of the twenty-first century requires a profound conversion in
   spirit and in its institutions to reflect its own cultural pluralism,
   to address the needs of the whole Catholic community, and to further a
   genuine communion and solidarity among the diverse members of the Body
   of Christ.

   This debate on the effective and adequate response of current church
   institutions to the new immigrant reality echoes the discussion in the
   Synod of America and Ecclesia in America on the effectiveness of parish
   structures:

     Because of the particular problems they present, special attention
     needs to be given to parishes in large urban areas, where the
     difficulties are such that normal parish structures are inadequate
     and the opportunities for the apostolate are significantly reduced.
     The institution of the parish, however, retains its importance and
     needs to be preserved. For this, there is a need "to keep looking
     for ways in which the parish and its pastoral structures can be more
     in effective in urban areas." (no. 41)


A Call to Communion


   As Catholics we are called to take concrete measures to overcome the
   misunderstanding, ignorance, competition, and fear that stand in the
   way of genuinely welcoming the stranger in our midst and enjoying the
   communion that is our destiny as Children of God. We commit ourselves,
   accordingly, to working to strengthen understanding among the many
   cultures that share in our Catholic faith, to promoting intercultural
   communication among our people, and to seeing that those in ministry to
   our communities gain the language and cultural skills necessary to
   minister to the immigrants in our midst.

   Coming to Understand Others as the First Form of Hospitality
   Time and time again, Pope John Paul II has echoed the teachings of his
   predecessors and of the Second Vatican Council that "it is one of the
   properties of the human person that he can achieve true and full
   humanity only by means of culture" (Gaudium et Spes, no. 53) and that
   to take away a person's culture is therefore to damage human dignity
   grievously. Communion does not abolish differences but brings together
   one family, diverse and united in the one Lord. Pope Paul VI urged that
   "it must be avoided that these diversities and adaptations in
   accordance with the various ethnical groups, even though legitimate,
   result in harm to that unity to which all are called in the Church"
   (Pastoralis Migratorum Cura). Thus, the Church's norms for the pastoral
   care of immigrants attempt to balance the legitimate rights of
   immigrants with their duty to look to the common good of both their
   communities of origin and their host community (Instruction on the
   Pastoral Care of People Who Migrate, nos. 5-11).

   The Church embraces the rich cultural pluralism of this immigrant
   nation—what some call its "multicultural" reality.^5 Pope John Paul II
   insists that "the immigrant members of the Church, while freely
   exercising their rights and duties and being in full ecclesial
   communion in the particular churches, feeling themselves Christians and
   brothers towards all, must be able to remain completely themselves as
   far as language, culture, liturgy and spirituality, and particular
   traditions are concerned" (Address for World Migrants' Day, July 16,
   1985). Indeed, the pope warns repeatedly against attempting to rush a
   process of assimilation or cultural adaptation in the name of unity,
   because the goal is the mutual enrichment of peoples, not their
   assimilation to one way of being human. Thus the pope reached out to
   refugees in the camp at Phanat Nikon, Thailand, in November 1984,
   saying, "My heart is with you. Have faith in yourselves. Don't forget
   your identity as a free people with your own legitimate place in this
   world. Don't lose your distinctive personality as a people! Remain
   firmly rooted in your respective cultures. The world needs to learn
   more from you and to join in appreciation of your uniqueness."

   The pope teaches that immigrants must guard their cultures for the
   enrichment of the world. But the cultures of immigrants will only be
   able to enrich this country when all Americans—recent immigrants and
   those long settled in this country—open their hearts and minds to their
   neighbors and come to appreciate the diverse cultures that make up this
   society. Knowledge of cultures cannot just come from books, but must
   come from the concrete efforts of individuals to get to know their
   neighbors, in all their diversity.

   The welcome and hospitality that we ask our parishes to extend to
   newcomers must include active efforts on the part of the pastor and
   parish staff, individuals and families, parish councils, liturgy
   committees, social concern entities, youth groups, and other parish
   organizations to undertake the special effort necessary to learn about
   the cultures in their midst and to exchange visits with worship
   communities and parishes where different cultural groups make their
   homes. Special events such as international dinners, common social
   events, and multicultural parish feasts can help to introduce the
   various members of the parish to other cultures and can lead to greater
   exchanges between groups. The parish is encouraged to sponsor forums in
   which members of different cultures can openly share their unique
   backgrounds and identify areas of unity.

   The eucharistic celebration is central to church life and to our
   communion as Catholics with one another in the one Lord. Whenever the
   diverse cultures of parish and diocese are able to share the Eucharist
   in special celebrations that reflect the cultural riches of the
   participants, the Church demonstrates in the sacrament of our unity the
   multicultural face of the Church, proclaiming "with joy and firm faith
   that God is communion, Father, Son and Holy Spirit, unity in
   distinction, and that he calls all people to share in that same
   Trinitarian communion" (Ecclesia in America, no. 34).

   Intercultural Communication
   Efforts to learn and worship together may come to nothing at all—or
   even reinforce prejudices—unless they are carried out with a spirit of
   openness and charity. Not everything in one culture will meet with the
   approval of another. There may be disagreements about child-rearing
   practices, the place of women in the liturgy, styles of preaching, or
   suitable expressions of piety. Such differences are inevitable even
   within one culture. But in cross-cultural encounters, disagreements
   must be informed by understanding the roots of people's attitudes and
   practices and with respect for their right to find their own way within
   the one Gospel. Understanding will come with a growing knowledge of the
   history, values, and experiences of others. Respect must be born of
   charity and faith in the ultimate unity in Christ of all humanity.

   Intercultural communication—sustained efforts, carried out by people of
   diverse cultures, to appreciate their differences, work out conflicts,
   and build on commonalities—will thus be an important component of
   coming to know and respect the diverse cultures that make up today's
   Church. The dominant culture in the United States stresses the
   individual and his or her feelings and decisions. In less
   individualistic cultures, individuals may feel hesitant to express
   their own opinions openly, even in a friendly setting, without
   reinforcement from the group. Among immigrants of the same group, too,
   divisions along lines of social class or educational background can
   erect barriers to understanding, with some members adapting to the
   procedures and practices of parish life more readily than others.
   Often, culturally sensitive intermediaries are needed to facilitate
   exchanges, mediate conflicts, and promote genuine participation by all.

   Integration will be facilitated when all parties maintain an open
   spirit. Integration cannot be forced, and those who host newcomers must
   be especially aware of the vulnerabilities of immigrants and the
   impulse many immigrants feel to withdraw from interaction. Pastors and
   lay leaders who are aware of these dynamics of adaptation and
   communication among cultures will lead the way in facilitating the
   full, equal incorporation of all members of the community into the life
   of the Church.

   Languages for Ministry
   Special efforts to acquire the languages of the new immigrants by all
   church ministers constitute an essential, concrete step towards a full
   and effective welcome. In some cases, immigrant groups have brought
   with them significant numbers of priests and religious. This is true of
   the Vietnamese community, which has continued to produce vocations in
   large numbers in this country. In other cases, the home country's
   Church is sufficiently strong to send priests and religious to the
   United States to minister to immigrant communities from that country,
   as was the case in earlier waves of migration to this country. In many
   cases today, however, there are many immigrants but few priests, and
   dioceses must make special provisions to find or train priests,
   religious, and lay people capable of ministering to the newcomers in
   their own languages and cultures. Missionary orders have contributed
   magnificently to filling this need. In some dioceses, every seminarian
   is required to master a language other than English relevant to
   ministry to local immigrant communities. This practice should be
   encouraged throughout the United States. Priests, seminarians,
   religious, and lay ministers should all be encouraged to learn a
   language and acquire cultural knowledge relevant to their ministry.^6
   Study abroad is generally the best way to do this, and it should be
   widely encouraged.

   Especially in the case of some of the smaller immigrant groups, priests
   may have only a rudimentary knowledge of the language of the group they
   serve. Then they must depend upon religious, lay leaders, deacons, and
   trained catechists to ensure an effective ministry. And even where
   priests with the necessary language skills are available, it is
   important that other members of the larger community acquire the
   ability to communicate with immigrants in their own languages as part
   of a wider effort to develop more inclusive relations at the parish and
   diocesan levels, carry on the necessary work of evangelization, and
   promote diocesan programs capable of genuinely uniting diverse
   communities. The clergy and lay leaders should acquire a proficiency in
   English as quickly as possible and continue to improve their public
   speaking skills in English so as to further the communion of their
   communities with the wider Church in the United States. Parishes should
   provide opportunities for immigrants, including the elderly, to acquire
   proficiency in the English language.

   Ministry in a Multicultural Church
   Language acquisition on behalf of intercultural communication and
   effective ministry is just one practical step towards the fuller
   incorporation of the new immigrants into our communities. The Church as
   an institution needs to undertake other practical steps at national,
   diocesan, and parish levels.

     National or Regional Level
     At the national or regional level, efforts must be made to provide
     liturgical and catechetical materials for communities who do not
     have ready access to such materials in their language. Most dioceses
     lack the resources to provide such materials for more than one or
     two groups. Similarly, diocesan seminaries and lay ministry training
     programs are often ill-equipped to provide priests, religious, and
     lay leaders with the full range of linguistic, cultural, and
     intercultural communication training necessary to serve even local
     needs.

     Efforts to redress these problems could be furthered by the creation
     of regional pastoral centers, serving the needs of one or several
     immigrant ethnic communities and financed by the dioceses they
     serve. Such centers could encourage theological reflection based on
     the traditions and experience of the various national churches
     represented in our immigrant communities. They could provide the
     translation services mentioned above and serve as a source for
     liturgical and catechetical materials for the communities they
     represent, as well as develop training materials for pastors,
     religious, and lay leaders in these communities. And they could
     offer training for all those involved in ministry to specific groups
     within the dioceses of their regions, extending the range of
     possibilities of language education, intercultural communication
     training, and education for ministry in a multicultural Church more
     generally.

     Diocesan Level
     Dioceses are the best equipped to address the multiple needs of the
     contemporary Church at the local level. The bishop as pastor of a
     diverse people has the care for all that concerns their life
     together. Thus, in developing diocesan policies and programs
     responsive to the reality of today's immigrant Church, bishops must
     take care to both respect the dignity of the diverse communities of
     the diocese and draw them to unity in the one Church, striking that
     balance between the legitimate rights of immigrants to worship
     according to their own traditions and the concern for the common
     life of the Church in the United States. Diocesan authorities must
     decide when and how to honor the desire of immigrant groups for
     their own chapel, mission, or personal parish; how to foster a
     spirit of openness and welcome towards immigrant communities within
     parishes; how to promote the effective evangelization of all members
     of the local church and of those outside the Church; and how to
     bring together peoples of all the diverse cultures of the Church
     into one community.

     We bishops commit ourselves with renewed energy to display a spirit
     of welcome, and we encourage all those involved in ministry to share
     in that spirit. We will look to the successful models of the past,
     such as the national parish, or contemporary practices in other
     dioceses, and adapt them to the needs and circumstances of our own
     dioceses. In each of our dioceses we will build up programs of
     ministry to immigrants and support them with new resources to the
     extent possible, in recognition of the growing contributions of our
     immigrant communities to the larger Church, and we will insist that
     pastors lend their support. Our diocesan seminaries must prepare
     seminarians for ministry to the Church of the twenty-first century.
     At the same time, we will devote resources to developing programs of
     cultural understanding and intercultural communication for religious
     and lay ministers. We bishops have a special responsibility to
     address questions of social justice for migrants of all sorts,
     participating in national and local efforts to combat discrimination
     and ensure equitable treatment under the law to all.

     In the past, personal parishes were established successfully in some
     places to accommodate the needs and desires of strong, local
     immigrant communities. At the same time, not all groups have had the
     financial resources or numbers to sustain a parish of their own.
     Dioceses may need to develop guidelines to help parishes or
     deaneries respond to smaller or more dispersed groups so that they
     sense that they are welcome and have facilities appropriate to their
     needs.

     Most dioceses have already provided modest resources to offices of
     ethnic ministry. The more these offices can be led by members of the
     communities being served, the better. In some cases, the bishop has
     appointed a vicar in charge of ministry to larger or more dispersed
     groups. In a few dioceses, Hispanic ministry in particular has been
     integrated into all of the offices of the diocese, providing
     constant feedback on how to address the needs of the Hispanic
     community within the various diocesan programs. In many dioceses,
     offices of ethnic ministry are able to ensure that parish positions
     are filled so as to serve the immigrant communities within the
     diocese. And many dioceses have designed diocesan-wide events to
     bring together the various cultures of the Catholic community. All
     of these efforts need to be studied and strengthened as the Church
     in the United States strives to celebrate the many gifts that
     immigrant communities bring to the Church in America.

     Parish Level
     Immigrants will experience the Church's welcome most personally at
     the level of the parish. Pastors and parish staff, accordingly, must
     be filled with a spirit of welcome, responding to a new and perhaps
     little-understood culture. They will be able to do so precisely to
     the extent that they have received the support of the diocese and
     the training that should go with it. A pastor with an open and
     welcoming spirit who insists that the whole parish participate in
     such a spirit can make a tremendous difference in relations among
     different groups. Pastors need to know about effective models for
     accommodating multiple cultural groups within a single parish
     structure. At the same time, the effort to mediate competing demands
     for facilities and lingering rivalries among groups requires
     sensitivity to the needs and styles of both cultures, as well as
     patience, charity, and communications skills. Pastors should make
     every effort to assist and encourage Eastern Catholics to find
     parishes that offer pastoral care according to their own traditions
     and rites. In the past immigrants belonging to Eastern Catholic
     churches were lost to those churches because of the lack of Eastern
     Catholic clergy, churches, and services. Sometimes they were joined
     to the Latin church, regrettably because of social and demographic
     pressures. Membership in a particular church of the immigrant (e.g.,
     Eastern Catholic Church) must be respected.

     Reaching out to immigrants who are not Catholics or who, though
     Catholic, have not yet participated fully in the life of the parish
     requires language and cultural skills, as well as an evangelical
     zeal that will need to be developed among more pastors, associates,
     religious, and lay people through outreach committees or census
     programs. Lay people, especially those who share language and
     cultural background with the immigrant group, can be invaluable
     bridges in efforts to incorporate immigrant communities into the
     life of the parish and reach out to non-believers among the new
     immigrants. In many of the countries from which the new immigrants
     come, it was the lay catechist who led people to conversion or a
     deeper appreciation of the faith. Lay catechists were the leaders
     and evangelizers of their people. Their ministry needs to be
     reaffirmed and strengthened in the new context.

     Catholic Charities offers comprehensive services in most dioceses.
     Pastors can look to Catholic Charities for help in their response to
     new immigrants. Social service, legal assistance, and adult
     education programs—including English as a second language,
     parenting, job training programs, and citizenship classes—can serve
     as valuable outreach to newcomers. The parish can also provide
     immigrants with forums for addressing social, emotional, and
     economic needs. Models and methods of a genuinely evangelical parish
     life need to be developed and disseminated so that pastors and lay
     leaders may choose among those best adapted to providing effective
     outreach to newcomers. In some cases, individual pastors or
     consortia of parishes, sometimes in conjunction with congregations
     of other faiths or secular organizations, can create immigration and
     social service agencies to serve particular neighborhoods.

     At the same time, parishes can become sites for dialogue and
     cooperation, not only with the Protestant denominations that share
     our common Christian faith, but also with Buddhists, Hindus,
     Muslims, Jews, and others. Despite differences, all share common
     goals of providing for the religious and material needs of immigrant
     communities, and all have much to gain by working together.

     Today's immigrants bring a vast richness of gifts, from new
     spiritual movements to a renewal of devotion to Mary in the great
     variety of national devotions, such as that to Our Lady of
     Guadalupe. In many dioceses, a renewal of vocations to the
     priesthood and religious life is one evident fruit of the new
     immigration, while lay participation in ministry has blossomed in
     many ethnic ministries.

     The Special Needs of Youth
     Of special concern are the youth of immigrant communities. Some are
     themselves immigrants, who despite a facility for acquiring English
     may feel especially torn between their original culture and that of
     their new home—fully at home in neither one culture nor the other.
     Others were born in this country, and though their first language
     may have been that of their parents, they quickly acquire the
     fluency of a native not only in the English language but in the
     prevailing culture in their schools and neighborhoods. In either
     case, young people may find themselves frequently in conflict with
     their parents and elders over ways of behaving and speaking, values,
     and beliefs, as they become "American" while living within an
     immigrant household and community that retain the country of
     origin's culture. Such conflicts are painful for both sides, and one
     or the other may call upon the Church to defend its particular
     claims and values. Young people can also experience conflict with
     their peers who—because of insecurity or insensitivity—cause
     unnecessary division.

     The Church recognizes the centrality of the family in the upbringing
     of  the young and cherishes the great value that many immigrant
     cultures place upon the family. At the same time, it also has a duty
     to provide for the young as they struggle for their own identity and
     their own adaptation within the larger culture. Recreational,
     educational, and spiritual programs for youth can provide
     opportunities for helping them to understand and accommodate the
     claims of their parents while accepting what is wholesome in the
     culture around them. These programs can also help young people live
     in harmony with their peers. Everyday pastoral care and special
     programs for parents can help them understand and accept the
     struggles of their children, even as they reinforce the confidence
     that their children have already assimilated much of what they have
     to teach them despite the dissensions of the moment. Religious
     education programs can play a special role here in attempting to
     bridge the gap between cultures within the context of the one faith
     and to help the young deal positively with the tensions and
     difficulties they face.

     In some instances, families are drawn to the parish precisely to
     take advantage of the school. Their immersion in their children's
     education puts them into regular contact with parish personnel and
     members of other cultural groups. In other cases, immigrants have
     had no experience of Catholic schools in their country of origin and
     require the encouragement (and often financial aid) of the parish to
     take advantage of this opportunity. Catholic schools can provide the
     children of immigrants with opportunities to adapt to American
     culture in a context permeated by the faith and in an atmosphere of
     hospitality to all cultures, and they can do much to promote
     cultural understanding and respect among parents and students alike.
     Catholic schools can also be powerful instruments of evangelization
     for immigrant communities who, though outside the Church, find in
     the schools a welcoming and supportive environment for the education
     of their children. But for a great many immigrants, none of this can
     be accomplished unless Catholic schools are made affordable for the
     poorer members of the community, a goal to which the diocese may
     have to contribute through sister-parish arrangements or outright
     grants of diocesan funds.

The Call to Solidarity

   The Gospel calls us to solidarity with those who are suffering,
   vulnerable, and in need. In this spirit we recall the words of Pope
   John Paul II, who proclaimed, "The Church hears the suffering cry of
   all who are uprooted from their own land, of families forcefully
   separated, of those who, in the rapid changes of our day, are unable to
   find a stable home anywhere. She senses the anguish of those without
   rights, without any security, at the mercy of every kind of
   exploitation, and she supports them in their unhappiness" (Message for
   World Migration Day 2000, no. 6). Among today's immigrants, those who
   have fled war, famine, civil unrest, and economic desperation deserve
   our special understanding and support; but seafarers, those in the
   aviation world, and migrant workers, too, suffer uprootedness,
   discrimination, and injustice, along with all people on the move:
   circus and carnival workers, truckers, tourists, pilgrims, Gypsies, and
   Irish travelers.
   In an age of economic globalization, a special concern of a culture of
   solidarity must be the migrant worker, both rural and urban. These
   laborers are vital to our agricultural, construction, service, and
   tourist industries. From the time they leave their homes to the time
   they arrive at their place of work, these migrant workers—forced to
   search for a basic livelihood for their families—face hazardous border
   crossings. (In the  past five years, more than 500 have died at the
   U.S.–Mexico border because of increased border enforcement.) They are
   vulnerable to exploitation and abuse in transit, in border regions, and
   in the workplace. We bishops pledge ourselves, in the spirit of
   Ecclesia in America, to work in solidarity with the bishops of the
   migrants' countries of origin to provide for the safety, the basic
   needs, the human rights, and the effective pastoral care of these
   migrant workers. One of the propositions of the Synod of America
   asserts, "The Church in America must be a vigilant advocate, defending
   against any unjust restriction the natural right of individual persons
   to move freely within their own nation and from one nation to another.
   Attention must be called to the rights of migrants and their families
   and to respect for their human dignity, even in cases of non-legal
   immigration" (Ecclesia in America, no. 65).
   Solidarity with migrants and refugees will take many forms, from
   participating in efforts to ensure that the U.S. government respect the
   basic human rights of all immigrants, to providing direct assistance to
   immigrants through diocesan and parish programs. Particularly
   vulnerable are the immigrant elderly who often find themselves isolated
   in their new country, lacking in language skills and in the family and
   community support system that they enjoyed in their country of origin.
     Community organizing efforts can also be important vehicles for
   addressing the needs of immigrant communities and incorporating
   immigrants into civic life. Such efforts can provide the basis for
   achieving improved housing conditions, a living wage, better medical
   attention, and enhanced educational opportunities for all, and for
   empowering local communities. The United States Catholic Conference
   supports many such efforts through the Catholic Campaign for Human
   Development. The local church's participation in such efforts is
   important, both for the direct good that community organizing can do
   for individuals and groups and as part of a broader evangelization that
   proclaims God's care for all his children and the Church's special
   responsibility for the poor, the persecuted, and the stranger.
   The call to solidarity is also a call to promote the effective
   recognition of the rights of immigrants and to overcome all
   discrimination based on race, culture, or religion. "It means bearing
   witness to a fraternal life based on the Gospel, which respects
   cultural differences and is open to sincere and trustful dialogue"
   (Pope Paul VI, Octogesima Adveniens, no. 17). Especially since World
   War II, the Church has devoted special efforts on behalf of the human
   rights of migrants and refugees throughout the world, and in the United
   States in particular. At the national level the U.S. bishops' Office of
   Migration and Refugee Services has addressed these issues through
   participation in public policy debates, special programs for refugees,
   and aid to dioceses. Diocesan officials and parish leaders often
   participate as well in city- or region-wide bodies aimed at gaining
   recognition for immigrants in local affairs and combating
   discrimination.
   We Catholic bishops commit ourselves to continue to work at the
   national level to promote recognition of the human rights of all,
   regardless of their immigration status, and to advance fair and
   equitable legislation for refugees and prospective immigrants. Present
   efforts need to be strengthened and supported with new initiatives,
   both at the local level and at the national level as U.S. immigration
   law and practice change in the face of changing political pressures and
   social realities. In particular, Catholic lay people, diocesan
   officials, and bishops should continue to work together with community
   organizations, labor unions, and other religious bodies on behalf of
   the rights of immigrants in the workplace, schools, public services,
   our legal system, and all levels of government. The Catholic Church in
   the United States through the National Conference of Catholic Bishops,
   many of the state Catholic conferences, individual bishops, and other
   Catholic organizations have been meaningfully involved in social
   advocacy in behalf of migrant workers and other immigrants. We
   encourage others to place public social policies that impact this
   special population a higher priority.

Conclusion: A Call to a New Evangelization

   In Ecclesia in America, Pope John Paul II calls for a "new
   evangelization" centered on the person of Jesus Christ: "‘The encounter
   with the living Jesus Christ' is ‘the path to conversion, communion and
   solidarity'" (no. 7). This personal encounter with the risen Lord, so
   abundantly recounted in the Gospels, Epistles, and Acts of the
   Apostles, leads to a daily vision of the Lord present and active in the
   world, especially in the poor, in the stranger, and in the migrant and
   refugee. Those most in need draw the members of the Church out of their
   unawareness to a conversion of heart through which they are able to
   offer a genuine and suitable welcome, to share together as brothers and
   sisters at the same table, and to work side by side to improve the
   quality of life for society's most vulnerable members. All of this is
   an expression of the Spirit of the risen Jesus being poured out again
   on his followers.

   The Holy Spirit made manifest at Pentecost enabled people of diverse
   languages and cultures to understand the one message of salvation. The
   new evangelization means openness to the gifts of the Spirit wherever
   they might appear. Our response to the new immigration thus is informed
   by a renewed vision of what it is to be Church, and by a new
   spirituality, informed by the Spirit of Pentecost present in the
   sacrament of confirmation, which gives the power to discern the one
   message of the kingdom in the diverse customs and languages of our
   immigrant brothers and sisters.

   Immigrant communities give ample witness to what it is to be Church—in
   their desire to worship as a people, in their faith, in their
   solidarity with one another and with the weakest among them, in their
   devotion and their faithfulness to the Church of their ancestors. For
   the Church in the United States to walk in solidarity with newcomers to
   our country is to live out our catholicity as a Church. The Church of
   the twenty-first century will be, as it has always been, a Church of
   many cultures, languages and traditions, yet simultaneously one, as God
   is one—Father, Son, and Holy Spirit—unity in diversity.

   The new immigration is a reminder of the pilgrim state of the Church,
   made up of all those, regardless of race or class or national origin,
   who have been called to the wedding banquet and have responded (Lk
   14:23). As a pilgrim, the Church encompasses in itself all the reality
   of human suffering and all the glory of the human spirit infused with
   the grace of Christ. With its diverse pilgrim peoples, the Church in
   the United States has known uprootedness and loss, persecution and
   flight, the search for a better life, and the difficulties and
   disappointments of that search. The Church has known God's grace as it
   lifts spirits in times of despair, sustains hope in the face of
   hopelessness, and revives love despite evils and human frailties. In
   the one baptism, the Church acknowledges God's call to conversion,
   while in the sacrament of the Eucharist, she enjoys prefigured the
   glorious communion of Father and Son in the Holy Spirit. At the
   Eucharist the Church prefigures the revelation of "a great multitude .
   . . from every nation, race, people, and tongue" (Rev 7:9).

   In such a Eucharist, on that sunlit Jubilee Day of Migrants and
   Refugees in St. Peter's Square, Pope John Paul II summed up the
   challenge and hope for the Church in the United States as it welcomes
   the immigrants of the new millennium in a very simple but profound
   image:

     Like the disciples of Emmaus, believers, supported by the living
     presence of the risen Christ, become in turn the traveling
     companions of their brothers and sisters in trouble, offering them
     the word which rekindles hope in their hearts. With them they break
     the bread of friendship, brotherhood and mutual help. This is how to
     build the civilization of love. This is how to proclaim the
     hoped-for coming of the new heavens and the new earth to which we
     are heading. (no. 4)


Notes


    1. "In keeping with linguistic convention, the term Romani (also
       spelled Romany in the literature) is used to refer to any or all of
       the Romani dialects or languages. We use ‘Gypsies' to refer to the
       totality of all groups except the Irish and Scottish Travelers, and
       where the identity of the group is unverified." (Taken from Gypsies
       and Travelers in North America: An Annotated Bibliography, William
       G. Lockwood and Sheila Salo [Cheverly, Md.: The Gypsy Lore Society,
       1994].)

    2. In international and U.S. law, "refugees" are those who have fled
       past persecution or have a well-founded fear of future persecution
       on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a
       particular social group, or political opinion. While the United
       States may grant asylum or special consideration to some refugees,
       the process of obtaining such recognition is often fraught with
       difficulties, and many refugees must deal with the immigration
       system on the same terms as other immigrants.

    3. Congress enacted three major laws in 1996 that have had an adverse
       impact on immigrants: (1) the Illegal Immigration Reform and
       Immigrant Responsibility Act (IIRIRA), (2) the Anti-Terrorism and
       Effective Death Penalty Act (AEDPA), and (3) the Personal
       Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act (PRWORA).
       Taken together, these laws have undermined due process protections
       for immigrants and driven more immigrant families into poverty. The
       combined effect of IIRIRA and AEDPA have subjected immigrants who
       committed minor crimes in their past and have served their sentence
       to mandatory detention and deportation, separating them
       indefinitely from their loved ones. IIRIRA also removed judicial
       discretion for individual cases and increased the standard for
       immigrants to obtain relief from deportation. It further included
       provisions that allow the summary exclusion of asylum seekers from
       this country without the benefit of review of their asylum claims
       by an immigration judge and bars immigrants who reside in the
       country in an undocumented status for more than one year from
       returning to the United States for ten years. PRWORA, the federal
       welfare law, eliminated all legal immigrants from eligibility for
       public benefits. While some of these benefits have been restored,
       virtually all legal immigrants who entered the United States after
       1996 remain ineligible for benefits.

    4. Puerto Ricans, of course, are not immigrants, but many of them face
       the same challenges as recent immigrants. Much of the Hispanic
       population of the Southwestern United States, likewise, can trace
       its ancestry in what is now the United States back many years
       before the appropriation of these territories by the U.S.
       government. While having much in common in language and culture
       with recent immigrants, the Hispanos of New Mexico and many Mexican
       Americans throughout the country today welcome the newcomers in
       their midst as long-established residents of this country. At the
       same time, they have often experienced the discrimination and
       disadvantage associated with representing a subordinate culture in
       the United States, on a par with the experiences of recent
       immigrants.

    5. The term "multicultural," like others surrounding the question of
       immigration, has been much disputed in the United States. Like
       "cultural pluralism," "multicultural" may describe a society in
       which multiple cultures exist peaceably side by side, interacting
       in common social, economic, and political practices, while
       remaining distinct in others; respecting one another; learning from
       one another; and each changing at its own pace accordingly. The
       call for "incorporation" articulated in this letter shares in this
       spirit. It is not a call for "assimilation" or the disappearance of
       one culture into another, but for continuing cooperation in pursuit
       of the common good and with proper respect for the good of each
       cultural tradition and community.

    6. In February 1986 the Pontifical Commission for the Pastoral Care of
       Migrants and the Congregation for Catholic Education wrote a joint
       letter on the place of "Human Mobility in the Formation of Future
       Priests."


   The pastoral statement Welcoming the Stranger Among Us: Unity in
   Diversity was developed by the National Conference of Catholic Bishops'
   Committee on Migration. It was approved by the full body of bishops at
   their November 2000 general meeting as a statement of the National
   Conference of Catholic Bishops and is authorized for publication by the
   undersigned.


     Msgr. Dennis M. Schnurr
     General Secretary, NCCB/USCC

   Excerpts from Vatican II: The Conciliar and Post Conciliar Documents,
   New Revised Edition, edited by Austin Flannery, OP, copyright © 1996,
   Costello Publishing Company, Inc., Northport, N.Y., are used with
   permission of the publisher. All rights reserved.

   Scripture texts used in this work are taken from the New American
   Bible, copyright © 1991, 1986, and 1970 by the Confraternity of
   Christian Doctrine, Washington, D.C. 20017 and are used with permission
   of the copyright owner. All rights reserved.

   Copyright © 2000, United States Catholic Conference, Inc., Washington,
   D.C. All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced or
   transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,
   including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and
   retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright
   holder.

Dive into God's Word

     * Daily Readings
     * Listen to Podcasts
     * Watch our Videos

About USCCB

   The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ (USCCB’s) mission is
   to encounter the mercy of Christ and to accompany His people with joy.
   Learn More

Topics

     * Abortion
     * Africa
     * African American
     * Asia
     * Asian/Pacific Islander
     * Assisted Suicide
     * Bible
     * Bioethics
     * Catechesis
     * Catechetical Sunday
     * Catholic Safeguards
     * Catholic Social Teaching
     * Child and Youth Protection

   EXPAND ALL TOPICS

Prayer &amp; Worship

     * Daily Readings Calendar
     * Books of the BIble
     * Search Mass Times
     * Prayer
     * Liturgical Year &amp; Calendar
     * Sacraments
     * Liturgy of the Hours
     * The Mass

Get Involved to Act Now

     * Take Action
     * Help Now
     * Meetings &amp; Events
     * Pray

Quick Links

     * Parish/Mass Finder
     * Resources
     * Calendars
     * E-mail Signup
     * Social Media
     * Catholic News Service
     * Movie Reviews

   ©2023 United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
     * Twitter
     * Facebook
     * Youtube
     * Linkedin
     * Instagram

     * United States Conference of Catholic Bishops is a 501(c)(3)
       non-profit organization
     * Privacy Policy

   Made possible by funding from
     * ccc-final
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-24">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PPLZ7V9

   The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are
   disabled.

   JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best
   experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PPLZ7V9

     * Study Guides
          + Literature
          + Poetry
          + Movies
          + Bible
          + Mythology
          + Historical Texts
          + Music
          + Lit Movements
          + History
          + Math
          + Biology
          + Biography
     * Students
          + Students Home
          + Study Guides
          + Shakespeare
          + Quotes
          + Videos
          + Grammar
     * Teachers
          + Teachers Home
          + Test Prep
          + Courses
          + Subscription
          + Teaching Guides
          + Teaching Blog
     * Parents
          + Parents Home
          + Homeschool
          + College Resources
     * Districts
          + Districts Home
          + Heartbeat
          + Test Prep
          + Intervention
          + Courses
          + Pro Services
          + Schedule Demo
          + Case Studies
     * Shmoop
          + About Us
          + Careers
          + Awards
          + News
          + Advertising
          + Contact
          + FAQs

     * Support
     * Blog
     * Support

   See Plans
   Sign Up
   Login
   Study Guide

The Stranger Introduction and Study Guide

   Advertisement - Guide continues below
   Next

The Stranger Introduction
     __________________________________________________________________

   Want more deets? We've also got a complete Online Course about The
   Stranger, with three weeks worth of readings and activities to make
   sure you know your stuff.
     __________________________________________________________________

   What's the first thing you think of when we say the word "absurd"? A
   baby rhino trying to act like a baby goat?  Fashion week? Maybe an
   eleven minute long homage to 80's sitcoms starring a bearded
   psychopath?  Or how about a platypus (have you ever really looked at
   one)?

   Okay—try this absurd tidbit on for size: a man loses his mom, murders a
   dude on a beach, and is sentenced to death.

   Wait. What?

   The Stranger—or L'Étranger, if you want to be all authentically French
   about it (pro-tip: lose the beret and the baguette)—is an absurdist
   novel about a bonafide weirdo named Meursault. This charming guy shoots
   and kills a man, Johnny Cash-style, just to watch him die.

   But this ain't just a feel-bad book about a cold-blooded seaside
   murder. Camus uses all the events leading up to the shooting (and
   Meursault's subsequent trial, and prison sentence) to explore issues of
   meaning and meaninglessness in life. In other words, Camus's book is
   about Philosophy with a capital P.

   So who was this Camus guy, anyway? He was a trés famous French thinker
   known for his philosophy of the absurd, which is a cousin of the
   philosophy of existentialism. But don't go saying that Camus was an
   existentialist—having his philosophical musings pegged as
   existentialism was a huge pet peeve of Camus' back when he was alive
   (and channeling Humphrey Bogart).

   These days, Camus is most famous as the author of three big-deal
   novels: The Stranger (1942), The Plague (1947), and The Fall (1956).
   Starting on The Stranger is a good call: Camus' later novels kept
   getting more complex… which is not to say that The Stranger is
   lightweight. After all, it explores a philosophy that states that the
   world is devoid of all rational meaning.

   But at least one absolutely rational decision came about because of
   Camus' scribblings. In 1957 the Nobel Prize Committee gave him the
   Nobel Prize for Literature for his generally "important literary
   production, which with clear-sighted earnestness illuminates the
   problems of the human conscience in our times."

   And once you read The Stranger, you'll understand that handing Camus
   the big daddy of all literary prizes is the exact opposite of
   absurdity. It makes 100%, no-questions-asked sense.

What is The Stranger About and Why Should I Care?

   What do you have in common with Meursault, the murderous,
   semi-sociopathic, unlikeable, unloving, chain-smoking, detached,
   sun-averse protagonist of The Stranger?

   The answer is, uncomfortably, more than you'd think.

   We're guessing that you, dearest Shmooper, are a totally lovely
   individual that wouldn't do hideous things like lose interest during
   your mother's funeral or shoot some random guy in ice-cold blood.
   Actually, we're sure of it.

   But we're equally sure that you—like all of us—have felt weird moments
   of questioning and detachment. We're talking about everything from
   those terrifying midnight episodes where you stare at the ceiling and
   think, "What does it all mean?" to thinking "Oh dang. Is that me?" when
   you hear your voice in a recording, to that deflated feeling you get
   after something big occurs—your birthday, a break-up, an election—and
   you wake up the next day and everything seems… exactly the same as it
   was before.

   Those moments are weird, and you feel weird within them. Or, to put it
   another way: life is pretty strange, and you often feel like a stranger
   (The Stranger, in fact) within it.

   Yes, Meursault is a guy who is emotionally incapable, socially unaware,
   and understands relationships only in the context of the physical. He's
   like Sherlock Holmes or Lisbeth Salander, but weirder and not a
   detective.

   But this stranger is also an introspective philosophical rebel. And the
   philosophy that he and Camus promote—the philosophy of absurdism—states
   that the world is so nonsensical, so absurd, that you can't expect to
   find meaning in it anywhere. There's no logic, no rationale, no
   governing order.

   That might sound kind of insane (and super lonely) to you. But that,
   friends, is exactly the point. Absurdism doesn't say "When life gives
   you lemons, make lemonade." Absurdism says, "When life gives you
   lemons, eat that lemon as if it was a dang apple."

   This philosophical stance isn't everyone's cup of tea (or mouthful of
   lemon pulp). But it can be useful, when faced with the hyper-bizarre
   stuff that life can lob in your direction, to be able to think, "Huh.
   That makes no sense whatsoever," and leave it at that.

   So while we definitely don't advocate that you treat Meursault as a
   role model, we do think that adopting his—and Camus'—philosophy can be
   strangely (hey-o!) comforting.

   Or, you know, you can just read The Stranger because it's a
   crazy-important and seminal text of the 20th Century and helped Albert
   Camus win a Nobel Prize. It's a win-win situation… unlike a lot of the
   absurd situations you come across in this crazy, messed-up world.
   [svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F20
   00%2Fsvg%22%20width%3D%221%22%20height%3D%221%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2
   0225%20265%22%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E]

The Stranger Resources

Movie or TV Productions

   1967 Movie
   Lo Strainiero was directed by Luchino Visconti and nominated for a
   Golden Globe.

Images

   Black and White
   This is a modern, standard book cover.

   A Bit Random
   Movie poster with Roberto Benigni (who plays Meursault) on the front.

Documents

   Camus Comic
   "Don’t smile, you’re on Candid Camus."

Other

   "Religious Dialogues in Prime Time"
   The Simpsons and Camus. Who'd a thunk it?
   Next

   IFRAME:
   https://dn5bj2dqerm21.cloudfront.net/f/3eJyrVspUslJQMjQxsFTSUVAqB3HKy8v
   1ijNy8/ML9JLzc0HCJSDhNKVaABW4DFU===/1409.html

   More on The Stranger Navigation
     * Introduction
     * Summary
          + Part 1, Chapter 1
          + Part 1, Chapter 2
          + Part 1, Chapter 3
          + Part 1, Chapter 4
          + Part 1, Chapter 5
          + Part 1, Chapter 6
          + Part 2, Chapter 1
          + Part 2, Chapter 2
          + Part 2, Chapter 3
          + Part 2, Chapter 4
          + Part 2, Chapter 5
     * Themes
          + Philosophical Viewpoints: The Absurd
          + Mortality
          + Isolation
          + Sadness
          + Man and the Natural World
          + Religion
          + Women and Femininity
          + Society and Class
          + Friendship
          + Passivity
     * Characters
          + Meursault
          + Marie Cardona
          + Raymond Sintes
          + Old Salamano
     * Analysis
          + Tone
          + Genre
          + What’s Up With the Title?
          + Setting
          + Writing Style
          + Symbolism, Imagery, Allegory
          + Narrator Point of View
          + Booker's Seven Basic Plots Analysis
          + Plot Analysis
          + Three Act Plot Analysis
          + Allusions
     * Quotes
          + Isolation
          + Society and Class
          + Sadness
          + Man and the Natural World
          + Passivity
          + Mortality
          + Philosophical Viewpoints: The Absurd
          + Friendship
          + Women and Femininity
          + Religion
     * Premium
          + For Teachers
          + Remove Ads

   (BUTTON) +

This is a premium product

   Unlock these features

Tired of ads?

   Join today and never see them again.
   Get started
     * About Us
     * Careers
     * Awards
     * News
     * Advertising
     * Contact
     * FAQs

Students

     * Study Guides
     * Shakespeare
     * Quotes
     * Videos
     * Grammar

Teachers

     * Test Prep
     * Courses
     * Subscription
     * Teaching Guides
     * Teacher Blog

Guardians

     * Homeschool
     * School Resources
     * College Resources

Districts

     * Heartbeat®
     * Test Prep
     * Intervention
     * Courses
     * Pro Services
     * Schedule Demo
     * Case Studies

Study Guides

     * Literature
     * Poetry
     * Movies
     * Bible
     * Mythology
     * Historical Texts
     * Music
     * Math

     * Support
     * Blog
     * Support

   © 2023 Shmoop University Inc | All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Legal
     * YouTube
     * Instagram
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Linkedin

   Please Wait...
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-25">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KSJ58RM

   [Skip to Content]

   Find care at Nemours Children's HealthDoctorsLocations

   (BUTTON) Open search (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON) for Parents
          + Parents Site
          + Sitio para padres
          + General Health
          + Growth &amp; Development
          + Infections
          + Diseases &amp; Conditions
          + Pregnancy &amp; Baby
          + Nutrition &amp; Fitness
          + Emotions &amp; Behavior
          + School &amp; Family Life
          + First Aid &amp; Safety
          + Doctors &amp; Hospitals
          + Videos
          + Recipes
          + (BUTTON) Close for parents nav
     * (BUTTON) for Kids
          + Kids Site
          + Sitio para niños
          + How the Body Works
          + Puberty &amp; Growing Up
          + Staying Healthy
          + Staying Safe
          + Recipes &amp; Cooking
          + Health Problems
          + Illnesses &amp; Injuries
          + Relax &amp; Unwind
          + People, Places &amp; Things That Help
          + Feelings
          + Expert Answers Q&amp;A
          + Movies &amp; More
          + (BUTTON) Close for kids nav
     * (BUTTON) for Teens
          + Teens Site
          + Sitio para adolescentes
          + Body
          + Mind
          + Sexual Health
          + Food &amp; Fitness
          + Diseases &amp; Conditions
          + Infections
          + Drugs &amp; Alcohol
          + School &amp; Jobs
          + Sports
          + Expert Answers (Q&amp;A)
          + Staying Safe
          + Videos
          + (BUTTON) Close for teens nav
     * For Educators

   (BUTTON) Open search
   Search KidsHealth library
   ____________________

   [English_]
   search______________

     * (BUTTON) Share to Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Share to Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Share to Pinterest

     * KidsHealth /
     * Parents /
     * How Can I Teach Kids to Be Smart About Strangers?

How Can I Teach Kids to Be Smart About Strangers?

   Reviewed by: Elana Pearl Ben-Joseph, MD
     * Listen
       (BUTTON) Play (BUTTON) Stop   (BUTTON) Volume   mp3 (BUTTON)
       Settings (BUTTON) Close Player
     * (BUTTON) Larger text size (BUTTON) Large text size (BUTTON) Regular
       text size
     * Print

   When I'm out with my young children, friendly strangers often approach
   us to smile and say hello. Although I'd like my kids to be polite, I
   also want to teach them not to talk to strangers. How can I avoid
   sending mixed messages?
   – Suzanne

   "Don't talk to strangers" has been the rule for many parents for
   generations. But sometimes it's a good idea for kids to talk to
   strangers. Who else will they turn to if they're lost and need help?

   So, instead of making a rule, it's better to teach kids when it's
   appropriate to talk to strangers and when it is not. When your kids are
   out with you, it's fine to let them say hello and talk to new
   people. You are watching the situation and will protect them.

   But if your child is alone and approached by a stranger, that's a
   different story. Tell your kids that if a stranger ever approaches and
   offers a ride or treats (like candy or toys) or asks for help with a
   task (like helping find a lost dog), they should step away, yell "No!"
   and leave the area immediately. Your child should tell you or another
   trusted adult (like a teacher or childcare worker) what happened. The
   same goes if anyone — whether a stranger, family member, or friend —
   asks your child to keep a secret, tries to touch your child's private
   area, or asks your child to touch theirs.

   Most kids are likely to be wary of strangers who are mean-looking or
   appear scary in some way. But most child molesters and abductors are
   regular-looking people, and many go out of their way to look friendly,
   safe, and appealing to children. So, instead of judging a person by
   appearance, teach kids to judge people by their actions.

   It's also important to encourage kids to trust their own instincts.
   Teach them that if someone makes them feel uncomfortable or if they
   feel like something's just not right — even if they can't explain why —
   they need to walk away immediately.

   So, what happens if your kids are alone and need to approach a stranger
   for help? First, they should try to find a person in uniform, like a
   police officer, security guard, or store employee. If there are no
   uniformed people, look for grandparents, women, and people with
   children who may be able to help. And again, remind them about
   instincts: If they don't have a good feeling about a certain person,
   they should approach someone else.

   It's not possible to protect kids from strangers at all times. But it
   is possible to teach them about appropriate behaviors and what to do if
   somebody crosses the line. Keeping these tips in mind can help your
   kids stay safe while they're out and about.
   Reviewed by: Elana Pearl Ben-Joseph, MD
   Date reviewed: January 2017

More on this topic for:

     * (BUTTON) Parents
     * (BUTTON) Kids

     * Leaving Your Child Home Alone
     * Preventing Abductions
     * Online Safety
     * Child Abuse
     * Maltrato infantil

     * Playing It Safe on Halloween
     * Do You Know How to Be Street Smart?
     * When It's Just You After School

   (BUTTON) View more

   IFRAME: /content/kidshealth/us/misc/inline_ad.html

   /content/kidshealth/misc/medicalcodes/parents/articles/stranger-smarts

     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Partners
     * Editorial Policy
     * Permissions Guidelines
     * Privacy Policy &amp; Terms of Use
     * Notice of Nondiscrimination

     * Nemours
     * KidsHealth from Nemours
     * Nemours Reading BrightStart!

   Note: All information on KidsHealth® is for educational purposes only.
   For specific medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment, consult your
   doctor.

   © 1995-2022. The Nemours Foundation. Nemours Children's Health® and
   KidsHealth® are registered trademarks of The Nemours Foundation. All
   rights reserved.

   Images provided by The Nemours Foundation, iStock, Getty Images, Veer,
   Shutterstock, and Clipart.com.

   IFRAME: /content/kidshealth/us/misc/ad_mobile_overlay.html
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-26">
<text>
   Poets.org
   (BUTTON)
   Poems
   Poets
   Poem-a-Day
   National Poetry Month
   Materials for Teachers
   Teach This Poem
   Poems for Kids
   Poetry for Teens
   Lesson Plans
   Resources for Teachers
   Academy of American Poets
   American Poets Magazine
     * Academy of American Poets
     * National Poetry Month
     * American Poets Magazine
     * Dashboard
     * Logout

     * Login
     * My Account
       Dashboard
       Logout
     * Membership Donate

   DonateDonate
   Poets.org Logo

Poems

   Find and share the perfect poems.
   ____________________
   search
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   find poems find poets poem-a-day library (texts, books &amp; more)
   materials for teachers poetry near you
   (BUTTON)

To a Stranger

   Walt Whitman - 1819-1892
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [tumblr.svg]
     * [print.svg]
     * [embed.svg]
     * [collection.svg]

   Passing stranger! you do not know how longingly I look upon you,
   You must be he I was seeking, or she I was seeking, (it comes to me as
   of a dream,)
   I have somewhere surely lived a life of joy with you,
   All is recall’d as we flit by each other, fluid, affectionate, chaste,
   matured,
   You grew up with me, were a boy with me or a girl with me,
   I ate with you and slept with you, your body has become not yours only
   nor left my body mine only,
   You give me the pleasure of your eyes, face, flesh, as we pass, you
   take of my beard, breast, hands, in return,
   I am not to speak to you, I am to think of you when I sit alone or wake
   at night alone,
   I am to wait, I do not doubt I am to meet you again,
   I am to see to it that I do not lose you.

   This poem is in the public domain.
   Walt Whitman

   Born on May 31, 1819, Walt Whitman is the author of Leaves of
   Grass and, along with Emily Dickinson, is considered one of the
   architects of a uniquely American poetic voice.
   Themes
   cities
   love
   About Walt Whitman >gt;
   sign up for poem-a-day

   Receive a new poem in your inbox daily
   ____________________Email Address
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Sign Up

More by Walt Whitman

To Think of Time

1

To think of time—of all that retrospection!
To think of to-day, and the ages continued henceforward!

Have you guess'd you yourself would not continue?
Have you dreaded these earth-beetles?
Have you fear'd the future would be nothing to you?

Is to-day nothing? Is the beginningless past nothing?
If the future is nothing, they are just as surely nothing.

To think that the sun rose in the east! that men and women
   were flexible, real, alive! that everything was alive!
To think that you and I did not see, feel, think, nor bear our
   part!
To think that we are now here, and bear our part!

2

Not a day passes—not a minute or second, without an
   accouchement!
Not a day passes—not a minute or second, without a corpse!

The dull nights go over, and the dull days also,
The soreness of lying so much in bed goes over,
The physician, after long putting off, gives the silent and terrible
   look for an answer,
The children come hurried and weeping, and the brothers and sisters
   are sent for,
Medicines stand unused on the shelf—(the camphor-smell has
   long pervaded the rooms,)
The faithful hand of the living does not desert the hand of the dying,
The twitching lips press lightly on the forehead of the dying,
The breath ceases, and the pulse of the heart ceases,
The corpse stretches on the bed, and the living look upon it,
It is palpable as the living are palpable.

The living look upon the corpse with their eye-sight,
But without eye-sight lingers a different living, and looks curiously
   on the corpse.

3

To think the thought of Death, merged in the thought of materials!
To think that the rivers will flow, and the snow fall, and fruits ripen,
   and act upon others as upon us now—yet not act upon us!
To think of all these wonders of city and country, and others taking
   great interest in them—and we taking no interest in them!

To think how eager we are in building our houses!
To think others shall be just as eager, and we quite indifferent!

(I see one building the house that serves him a few years, or seventy
   or eighty years at most,
I see one building the house that serves him longer than that.)

Slow-moving and black lines creep over the whole earth—they never
   cease—they are the burial lines,
He that was President was buried, and he that is now President shall
   surely be buried.

4

A reminiscence of the vulgar fate,
A frequent sample of the life and death of workmen,
Each after his kind:
Cold dash of waves at the ferry-wharf—posh and ice in the river,
   half-frozen mud in the streets, a gray, discouraged sky overhead,
   the short, last daylight of Twelfth-month,
A hearse and stages—other vehicles give place—the funeral
   of an old Broadway stage-driver, the cortege mostly drivers.

Steady the trot to the cemetery, duly rattles the death-bell, the gate
   is pass'd, the new-dug grave is halted at, the living alight, the
   hearse uncloses,
The coffin is pass'd out, lower'd and settled, the whip is laid on the
   coffin, the earth is swiftly shovel'd in,
The mound above is flatted with the spades—silence,
A minute—no one moves or speaks—it is done,
He is decently put away—is there anything more?

He was a good fellow, free-mouth'd, quick-temper'd, not bad-looking,
   able to take his own part, witty, sensitive to a slight, ready with
   life or death for a friend, fond of women, gambled, ate hearty,
   drank hearty, had known what it was to be flush, grew low-spirited
   toward the last, sicken'd, was help'd by a contribution, died, aged
   forty-one years—and that was his funeral.

Thumb extended, finger uplifted, apron, cape, gloves, strap, wet-weather
   clothes, whip carefully chosen, boss, spotter, starter, hostler,
   somebody loafing on you, you loafing on somebody, headway, man before
   and man behind, good day's work, bad day's work, pet stock, mean
   stock, first out, last out, turning-in at night;
To think that these are so much and so nigh to other drivers—and
   he there takes no interest in them!

5

The markets, the government, the working-man's wages—to think what
   account they are through our nights and days!
To think that other working-men will make just as great account of
   them—yet we make little or no account!

The vulgar and the refined—what you call sin, and what you call
   goodness—to think how wide a difference!
To think the difference will still continue to others, yet we lie beyond
   the difference.

To think how much pleasure there is!
Have you pleasure from looking at the sky? have you pleasure from poems?
Do you enjoy yourself in the city? or engaged in business? or planning a
   nomination and election? or with your wife and family?
Or with your mother and sisters? or in womanly housework? or the beautiful
   maternal cares?
—These also flow onward to others—you and I flow onward,
But in due time, you and I shall take less interest in them.

Your farm, profits, crops,—to think how engross'd you are!
To think there will still be farms, profits, crops—yet for you, of
   what avail?

6

What will be, will be well—for what is, is well,
To take interest is well, and not to take interest shall be well.

The sky continues beautiful,
The pleasure of men with women shall never be sated, nor the pleasure of
   women with men, nor the pleasure from poems,
The domestic joys, the daily housework or business, the building of
   houses—these are not phantasms—they have weight, form,
   location;
Farms, profits, crops, markets, wages, government, are none of them
   phantasms,
The difference between sin and goodness is no delusion,
The earth is not an echo—man and his life, and all the things of
   his life, are well-consider'd.

You are not thrown to the winds—you gather certainly and safely
   around yourself;
Yourself! Yourself! Yourself, forever and ever!

7

It is not to diffuse you that you were born of your mother and
   father—it is to identify you;
It is not that you should be undecided, but that you should be decided;
Something long preparing and formless is arrived and form'd in you,
You are henceforth secure, whatever comes or goes.

The threads that were spun are gather'd, the weft crosses the warp,
   the pattern is systematic.

The preparations have every one been justified,
The orchestra have sufficiently tuned their instruments—the
   baton has given the signal.

The guest that was coming—he waited long, for reasons—he
   is now housed,
He is one of those who are beautiful and happy—he is one of
   those that to look upon and be with is enough.

The law of the past cannot be eluded,
The law of the present and future cannot be eluded,
The law of the living cannot be eluded—it is eternal,
The law of promotion and transformation cannot be eluded,
The law of heroes and good-doers cannot be eluded,
The law of drunkards, informers, mean persons—not one iota thereof
   can be eluded.

8

Slow moving and black lines go ceaselessly over the earth,
Northerner goes carried, and Southerner goes carried, and they on the
   Atlantic side, and they on the Pacific, and they between, and all
   through the Mississippi country, and all over the earth.

The great masters and kosmos are well as they go—the heroes and
   good-doers are well,
The known leaders and inventors, and the rich owners and pious and
   distinguish'd, may be well,
But there is more account than that—there is strict account
   of all.

The interminable hordes of the ignorant and wicked are not nothing,
The barbarians of Africa and Asia are not nothing,
The common people of Europe are not nothing—the American
   aborigines are not nothing,
The infected in the immigrant hospital are not nothing—the
   murderer or mean person is not nothing,
The perpetual successions of shallow people are not nothing as
   they go,
The lowest prostitute is not nothing—the mocker of religion
   is not nothing as he goes.

9

Of and in all these things,
I have dream'd that we are not to be changed so much, nor the law
   of us changed,
I have dream'd that heroes and good-doers shall be under the present
   and past law,
And that murderers, drunkards, liars, shall be under the present
   and past law,
For I have dream'd that the law they are under now is enough.

If otherwise, all came but to ashes of dung,
If maggots and rats ended us, then Alarum! for we are betray'd!
Then indeed suspicion of death.

Do you suspect death? If I were to suspect death, I should die
   now,
Do you think I could walk pleasantly and well-suited toward
   annihilation?

10

Pleasantly and well-suited I walk,
Whither I walk I cannot define, but I know it is good,
The whole universe indicates that it is good,
The past and the present indicate that it is good.

How beautiful and perfect are the animals!
How perfect the earth, and the minutest thing upon it!

What is called good is perfect, and what is called bad is just
   as perfect,
The vegetables and minerals are all perfect, and the imponderable
   fluids are perfect;
Slowly and surely they have pass'd on to this, and slowly and surely
   they yet pass on.

11

I swear I think now that everything without exception has an
   eternal Soul!
The trees have, rooted in the ground! the weeds of the sea have!
   the animals!

I swear I think there is nothing but immortality!
That the exquisite scheme is for it, and the nebulous float is
   for it, and the cohering is for it;
And all preparation is for it! and identity is for it! and life
   and materials are altogether for it!

   Walt Whitman

   1855

This Compost

   1
   Something startles me where I thought I was safest,
   I withdraw from the still woods I loved,
   I will not go now on the pastures to walk,
   I will not strip the clothes from my body to meet my lover the sea,
   I will not touch my flesh to the earth as to other flesh to renew me.
   O how can it be that the ground itself does not sicken?
   How can you be alive you growths of spring?
   How can you furnish health you blood of herbs, roots, orchards, grain?
   Are they not continually putting distemper'd corpses within you?
   Is not every continent work'd over and over with sour dead?
   Where have you disposed of their carcasses?
   Those drunkards and gluttons of so many generations?
   Where have you drawn off all the foul liquid and meat?
   I do not see any of it upon you to-day, or perhaps I am deceiv'd,
   I will run a furrow with my plough, I will press my spade through the
   sod and turn it up underneath,
   I am sure I shall expose some of the foul meat.
   2
   Behold this compost! behold it well!
   Perhaps every mite has once form'd part of a sick person—yet behold!
   The grass of spring covers the prairies,
   The bean bursts noiselessly through the mould in the garden,
   The delicate spear of the onion pierces upward,
   The apple-buds cluster together on the apple-branches,
   The resurrection of the wheat appears with pale visage out of its
   graves,
   The tinge awakes over the willow-tree and the mulberry-tree,
   The he-birds carol mornings and evenings while the she-birds sit on
   their nests,
   The young of poultry break through the hatch'd eggs,
   The new-born of animals appear, the calf is dropt from the cow, the
   colt from the mare,
   Out of its little hill faithfully rise the potato's dark green leaves,
   Out of its hill rises the yellow maize-stalk, the lilacs bloom in the
   dooryards,
   The summer growth is innocent and disdainful above all those strata of
   sour dead.
   What chemistry!
   That the winds are really not infectious,
   That this is no cheat, this transparent green-wash of the sea which is
   so amorous after me,
   That it is safe to allow it to lick my naked body all over with its
   tongues,
   That it will not endanger me with the fevers that have deposited
   themselves in it,
   That all is clean forever and forever,
   That the cool drink from the well tastes so good,
   That blackberries are so flavorous and juicy,
   That the fruits of the apple-orchard and the orange-orchard, that
   melons, grapes, peaches, plums, will
      none of them poison me,
   That when I recline on the grass I do not catch any disease,
   Though probably every spear of grass rises out of what was once a
   catching disease.
   Now I am terrified at the Earth, it is that calm and patient,
   It grows such sweet things out of such corruptions,
   It turns harmless and stainless on its axis, with such endless
   successions of diseas'd corpses,
   It distills such exquisite winds out of such infused fetor,
   It renews with such unwitting looks its prodigal, annual, sumptuous
   crops,
   It gives such divine materials to men, and accepts such leavings from
   them at last.

   Walt Whitman

   1856

Thoughts

   1.
   OF the visages of things—And of piercing through
            to the accepted hells beneath;
   Of ugliness—To me there is just as much in it as
            there is in beauty—And now the ugliness of
            human beings is acceptable to me;
   Of detected persons—To me, detected persons are
            not, in any respect, worse than undetected per-
            sons—and are not in any respect worse than I
            am myself;
   Of criminals—To me, any judge, or any juror, is
            equally criminal—and any reputable person is
            also—and the President is also.
   2.
   OF waters, forests, hills;
   Of the earth at large, whispering through medium of
            me;
   Of vista—Suppose some sight in arriere, through the
            formative chaos, presuming the growth, fulness,
            life, now attain'd on the journey;
   (But I see the road continued, and the journey ever
            continued;)
   Of what was once lacking on earth, and in due time
            has become supplied—And of what will yet be
            supplied,
   Because all I see and know, I believe to have purport
            in what will yet be supplied.
   3.
   OF persons arrived at high positions, ceremonies,
            wealth, scholarships, and the like;
   To me, all that those persons have arrived at, sinks
            away from them, except as it results to their
            Bodies and Souls,
   So that often to me they appear gaunt and naked;
   And often, to me, each one mocks the others, and
            mocks himself or herself,
   And of each one, the core of life, namely happiness,
            is full of the rotten excrement of maggots,
   And often, to me, those men and women pass unwit-
            tingly the true realities of life, and go toward
            false realities,
   And often, to me, they are alive after what custom has
            served them, but nothing more,
   And often, to me, they are sad, hasty, unwaked son-
            nambules, walking the dusk.
   4.
   OF ownership—As if one fit to own things could not
            at pleasure enter upon all, and incorporate
            them into himself or herself;
   Of Equality—As if it harm'd me, giving others the
            same chances and rights as myself—As if it
            were not indispensable to my own rights that
            others possess the same;
   Of Justice—As if Justice could be anything but the
            same ample law, expounded by natural judges
            and saviors,
   As if it might be this thing or that thing, according
            to decisions.
   5.
   As I sit with others, at a great feast, suddenly, while
            the music is playing,
   To my mind, (whence it comes I know not,) spectral,
            in mist, of a wreck at sea,
   Of the flower of the marine science of fifty generations,
            founder'd off the Northeast coast, and going
            down—Of the steamship Arctic going down,
   Of the veil'd tableau—Women gather'd together on
            deck, pale, heroic, waiting the moment that
            draws so close—O the moment!
   O the huge sob—A few bubbles—the white foam
            spirting up—And then the women gone,
   Sinking there, while the passionless wet flows on—
            And I now pondering, Are those women indeed
            gone?
   Are Souls drown'd and destroy'd so?
   Is only matter triumphant?
   6.
   OF what I write from myself—As if that were not the
            resumé;
   Of Histories—As if such, however complete, were not
            less complete than my poems;
   As if the shreds, the records of nations, could possibly
            be as lasting as my poems;
   As if here were not the amount of all nations, and of
            all the lives of heroes.
   7.
   OF obedience, faith, adhesiveness;
   As I stand aloof and look, there is to me something
            profoundly affecting in large masses of men,
            following the lead of those who do not believe
            in men.

   Walt Whitman

   1867

Newsletter Sign Up

   ____________________
   [ ] Academy of American Poets Newsletter
   [ ] Academy of American Poets Educator Newsletter
   [ ] Teach This Poem
   [ ] Poem-a-Day
   ____________________ (BUTTON) submit

Support Us

     * Become a Member
     * Donate Now
     * Get Involved
     * Make a Bequest
     * Advertise with Us
     * Poets Shop

Follow Us

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

poets.org

   Find Poems
   Find Poets
   Poetry Near You
   Jobs for Poets
   Read Stanza
   Privacy Policy
   Press Center
   Advertise

academy of american poets

   About Us
   Programs
   Prizes
   First Book Award
   James Laughlin Award
   Ambroggio Prize
   Chancellors
   Staff

national poetry month

   Poetry &amp; the Creative Mind
   Dear Poet Project
   Poster
   30 Ways to Celebrate
   Sponsorship

american poets

   Books Noted
   Essays
   Advertise

   © Academy of American Poets, 75 Maiden Lane, Suite 901, New York, NY
   10038
   poets.org
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-27">
<text>
   Skip to Main Content

Loading

   (BUTTON) Close
   Loading
   (BUTTON) Do Not Show Again (BUTTON) Close

   Franklin Park Borough, PA

   Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form
   progress and more.
     * Website Sign In

   Home Page
    1. Borough Government
    2. Departments
    3. Recreation
    4. Services &amp; Utilities
    5. How Do I...

   ____________________ Button Search
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
    1. Home
    2. Departments
    3. Emergency Services
    4. Police Department
    5. Safety Tips
    6. Personal Safety
    7. What to Teach Kids About Strangers
    8. Who Is a Stranger?

Who Is a Stranger?

Defining a Stranger

   A stranger is anyone that your family doesn't know well. It's common
   for children to think that "bad strangers" look scary, like the
   villains in cartoons. This is not only not true, but it's dangerous for
   children to think this way. Pretty strangers can be just as dangerous
   as the not-so-pretty ones. When you talk to your children about
   strangers, explain that no one can tell if strangers are nice or not
   nice just by looking at them and that they should be careful around all
   strangers.

   But don't make it seem like all strangers are bad. If children need
   help-whether they're lost, being threatened by a bully, or being
   followed by a stranger-the safest thing for them to do in many cases is
   to ask a stranger for help. You can make this easier for them by
   showing them which strangers are okay to trust.

Who Are Safe Strangers?

   Safe strangers are people children can ask for help when they need it.
   Police officers and firefighters are two examples of very recognizable
   safe strangers. Teachers, principals, and librarians are adults
   children can trust too, and they are easy to recognize when they're at
   work. But make sure that you emphasize that whenever possible, children
   should go to a public place to ask for help.

   You can help your children recognize safe strangers by pointing them
   out when you're out in your town. Also show your children places they
   can go if they need help, such as local stores and restaurants and the
   homes of family friends in your neighborhood.
    1. Recognizing &amp; Handling Dangerous Situations
    2. What Else Parents Can Do
    3. Who Is a Stranger?





    1. Franklin Park Borough

    1. 2344 W Ingomar Road

    1. Pittsburgh, PA 15237

    1. Phone: 412-364-4115

    1. Fax: 412-366-4406

    1. Monday through Friday from 8 am to 4:30 pm

    1. Home

    1. Site Map

    1. Contact Us

    1. Accessibility

    1. Copyright Notices

    1. Government Websites by CivicPlus®

   /QuickLinks.aspx

   []
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-28">
<text>
   #alternate alternate home

     * Skip to main navigation
     * Skip to content

   logo
   Selected location: USA (BUTTON) ▾
     * USA
     * UK

   Search ____________________
   (BUTTON) ⌕

   ⌕ ☰
   [ ]
     * Home
     * About Christie
     * 100 Years
     * News
     * Stories
     * Film &amp; TV
     * Characters
     * Shop

    1. Home

     Stories

     Love From A Stranger - Play

Love From A Stranger - Play

   Buy
     * ♾ Play
     *  1936

   A whirlwind romance with a handsome and charming stranger who sweeps
   Cecily Harrington off her feet. Little does she know the ghastly truth
   about her new beau…

More about this story

   Cecily Harrington has led a staid and proper existence. After winning a
   large amount of money in a sweepstake she desperately yearns for a life
   of adventure. Enter Bruce Lovell, a handsome and charming stranger who
   sweeps her off her feet. In a whirlwind romance, she recklessly
   abandons her job, friends and fiancé to settle in the remote and
   blissful surroundings of a country cottage. However, her newfound “love
   from a stranger” is not what it seems and in an astonishingly tense
   final scene, Cecily discovers the ghastly truth of her new love.

   An intense and chilling psychological thriller which examines the
   sadistic mind of a serial killer and the extremes to which the power of
   suggestion can be pushed.

   A brilliant terror play … our blood was gloriously curdled.

     The Daily Herald

   Love From a Stranger is an adaptation by Agatha Christie and Frank
   Vosper which draws both on Christie's earlier play, The Stranger, and
   her short story, Philomel Cottage. Some years before this play,
   Christie herself wrote a stage version, calling it The Stranger. Love
   from a Stranger opened at the New Theatre (now Noël Coward) in the West
   End in 1936. It was then reworked for film a year later, starring Ann
   Harding and Basil Rathbone. The play was then televised in 1938, live
   on BBC Television. When the story was adapted for the American
   half-hour radio programme Suspense it starred Orson Welles as Gerald.
   2018 welcomes a new UK tour of Love From a Stranger. Find out more.

Buy Love From A Stranger - Play

   ⌻Read
   Love-from-a-Stranger

Script: Acting edition

   Buy now: ^*
     * ⎀
     * S

   ^* We earn a small commission on purchases made through any Amazon
   affiliate links on this page.

Other stories you might enjoy

   Appointment With Death - Play

Appointment With Death - Play

   ♾ Play
   First published: 1945
   Go Back for Murder - Play

Go Back for Murder - Play

   ♾ Play
   First published: 1960
   Philomel Cottage

Philomel Cottage

   ⍔ Short Story
   First published: 1934

Sign up to the newsletter to receive the official Read Christie 2023
challenge

   Enter your e-mail address ____________________
   Submit

Join the conversation

     * f
     * t
     * y
     *

     * Agatha Christie Limited
     * Agatha Christie Licensing
     * Community Forum Archive
     * Education
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Unsubscribe

   We earn a small commission on purchases made through any Amazon
   affiliate links on this page.

   © 2023 Agatha Christie Limited.
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-29">
<text>
   #National My Unsung Hero from Hidden Brain National My Unsung Hero from
   Hidden Brain

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * Skip to main content
     * Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * NPR logo
     *
     *
     * NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) >gt; Close Navigation Menu
     * Home
     * News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + National
          + World
          + Politics
          + Business
          + Health
          + Science
          + Climate
          + Race
     * Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + Books
          + Movies
          + Television
          + Pop Culture
          + Food
          + Art &amp; Design
          + Performing Arts
          + Life Kit
     * Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + Best Music of 2022
          + Tiny Desk
          + #NowPlaying
          + All Songs Considered
          + Music Features
          + Live Sessions
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts &amp;
       Shows
       Daily
          + Morning Edition
          + Weekend Edition Saturday
          + Weekend Edition Sunday
          + All Things Considered
          + Fresh Air
          + Up First
       Featured
          + Embedded
          + Planet Money
          + Life Kit
          + NPR's Book of the Day
          + More Podcasts &amp; Shows
     * Search
     *
     * NPR Shop

     * NPR Music NPR Music
     * Best Music of 2022
     * Tiny Desk
     * #NowPlaying
     * All Songs Considered
     * Music Features
     * Live Sessions

     * About NPR
     * Diversity
     * Organization
     * Support
     * Careers
     * Connect
     * Press
     * Ethics

   On Stephanie Cole's first day at a new job, a stranger puts her mind at
   ease Stephanie Cole never forgot one tiny moment during her first day
   at a new job, when a stranger showed her kindness.

   Special Series

My Unsung Hero from Hidden Brain

On Stephanie Cole's first day at a new job, a stranger puts her mind at ease

     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

   December 27, 20225:00 AM ET

   Ryan Katz
   Tara Boyle 2018 square

   Tara Boyle
   Twitter
   Enlarge this image

   Stephanie Cole was a frightened teen on her first day at a new job.
   When she froze during a transaction, a customer had some kind words for
   her. Stephanie Cole hide caption
   toggle caption
   Stephanie Cole

   Stephanie Cole was a frightened teen on her first day at a new job.
   When she froze during a transaction, a customer had some kind words for
   her.
   Stephanie Cole

   This story is part of the My Unsung Hero series, from the Hidden Brain
   team, about people whose kindness left a lasting impression on someone
   else.
     __________________________________________________________________

   The first day at a new job can be hard. Especially when it's your first
   job ever, and you're starting during the Christmas rush.

   Stephanie Cole's first job as a teenager was in retail, working at a
   busy department store in 1960s Los Angeles.

   "There I was in my black skirt and my white blouse, and ready to go the
   first day," Cole recalled.

   Her training had been quick, and the store was now bustling with people
   trying to finish their holiday shopping. It wasn't long before a woman
   walked up to her cash register with a Christmas tree ornament that she
   wanted to buy. Cole froze.

   "All of a sudden, I can't remember anything. I can't remember how to
   run the cash register. I can't remember anything about the
   transactions. I am just absolutely frozen and probably very close to
   tears," she said.

   She'd wanted this first job to go well, and it was already going very
   wrong. But the woman looked at her with a kind expression and said,
   "It's alright. Take your time. I'm not in a hurry."

   Cole felt a sense of relief when she heard those words. "All of a
   sudden, I could breathe, I could wait till somebody else could help me.
   It was gonna be okay."

   The moment was a small one long ago, but the woman's kindness affected
   how Cole has interacted with people ever since.

   "She gave me that gift without knowing she gave me that gift. And it's
   lasted all these years," Cole said.

   "You know, you encounter somebody who's . . . just having a bad day and
   things are really, you can tell they're in a bad place, and you can
   say, 'It's okay. I'm not in a hurry. Take your time.' And it always
   makes the situation better. Always, always."

   My Unsung Hero is also a podcast — new episodes are released every
   Tuesday. To share the story of your unsung hero with the Hidden Brain
   team, record a voice memo on your phone and send it to
   myunsunghero@hiddenbrain.org.
     * (BUTTON) Facebook
     * (BUTTON) Twitter
     * (BUTTON) Flipboard
     * (BUTTON) Email

   Special Series

My Unsung Hero from Hidden Brain

Read &amp; Listen

     * Home
     * News
     * Culture
     * Music
     * Podcasts &amp; Shows

Connect

     * Newsletters
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Press
     * Contact &amp; Help

About NPR

     * Overview
     * Diversity
     * Ethics
     * Finances
     * Public Editor
     * Corrections

Get Involved

     * Support Public Radio
     * Sponsor NPR
     * NPR Careers
     * NPR Shop
     * NPR Events
     * NPR Extra

     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Your Privacy Choices
     * Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Become an NPR sponsor
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-3">
<text>
   REFRESH(2700 sec):
   https://thehill.com/opinion/white-house/3685293-the-america-that-progre
   ssives-have-given-us-is-stranger-than-fiction/
   #The Hill » Feed The Hill » Comments Feed alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KJJZHXD

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KJJZHXD

   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) Toggle Menu TheHill.com
     * ____________________ Search
       (BUTTON) Close search form
     * News
          + Senate
          + House
          + Administration
          + Campaign
          + Regulation
          + Business
          + Media
          + Briefing Room
          + Latino
          + Morning Report
          + 12:30 Report
          + State Watch
          + In The Know
          + Sunday Talk Shows
          + People in the News
          + Print Edition
     * Policy
          + Defense
          + Energy &amp; Environment
          + Finance
          + Healthcare
          + Technology
          + Transportation
          + International
          + Cybersecurity
          + National Security
          + Sustainability
     * Opinion
          + Columnists
          + Congress Blog
          + All Contributors
               o Campaign
               o Civil Rights
               o Criminal Justice
               o Cybersecurity
               o Education
               o Energy and Environment
               o Finance
               o Healthcare
               o Immigration
               o International
               o Judiciary
               o National Security
               o Technology
               o White House
          + Submit Opinion Content
     * Events
          + Upcoming Events
          + About
     * Jobs
          + The Hill Jobs
          + National Jobs
     * Newsletters
     * THE HILL TV
     * Changing America
          + Respect
          + Sustainability
          + Enrichment
          + Resilience
          + Well-Being
     * Sign up to our latest Newsletter Sign Up
     * Search

trending:

     * JAN. 6 attack
     * Kevin McCarthy
     * Donald Trump

sponsored:

     * New Members Guide 2023

Just In...

     * Here are the governors’ races to watch in 2023
       Campaign - 3m 33s ago
     * Merrick Garland’s unprecedented dilemma
       Criminal Justice - 3m 40s ago
     * Former GOP aide on Speaker vote: ‘Self-serving’ Republicans would
       make ‘mockery’ of Congress
       House - 14m 38s ago
     * Hope Hicks to aide on Jan. 6: ‘We all look like domestic terrorists
       now’
       Blog Briefing Room - 52m 25s ago
     * Putin misjudged Ukraine. Is the West falling into a similar trap
       with Russia and China?
       National Security - 1h 3m ago
     * Russia deploys exploding drones around Kyiv
       International - 1h 24m ago
     * Kingdom, come: The case for partnering with Saudi Arabia
       National Security - 2h 3m ago
     * Trump, McCarthy, Biden: Six political storylines that will shape
       2023
       Administration - 3h 3m ago

   View all Load more

   Opinion>gt;White House
   The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the view of
   The Hill

The America that progressives have given us is stranger than fiction

   by Bernard Goldberg, Opinion Contributor - 10/13/22 10:00 AM ET
   Share Tweet

   ... [ ] More

   by Bernard Goldberg, Opinion Contributor - 10/13/22 10:00 AM ET

   Share Tweet

   ... [ ] More
   Share (BUTTON) ✕
   Twitter
   Facebook
   LinkedIn
   Whatsapp
   Email

   Sometimes I think I’m watching a Fellini movie, one of those really
   strange ones where I witness something so bizarre that I think I’m
   hallucinating — except it turns out to be real.

   So, was I hallucinating when I heard there were more than two genders,
   more than boys and girls, men and women, male and female — and that men
   could get pregnant?

   You tell me. At a congressional hearing, when asked, “Can biological
   men become pregnant and give birth?” a doctor from Planned Parenthood
   said, “Men can have pregnancies. … Somebody with a uterus may have the
   capability of becoming pregnant, whether they’re a woman or a man.”

   While you’re scratching your head over that, let’s move down to our
   southern border, the one Vice President Kamala Harris assures us is
   “secure.” But on television I see thousands of illegal immigrants
   walking into the United States every day — more than 2 million a year,
   according to official records.

   Maybe Harris is right and my eyes are wrong. Maybe I’m hallucinating
   and not really seeing what I think I’m seeing.

   What about the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan — you know, the chaotic
   mess that President Biden called a “success”?

   Wasn’t that the withdrawal that was marred by a terrorist attack that
   killed more than 180 Afghans and 13 U.S. service members? And didn’t we
   leave behind tens of billions of dollars in military equipment that
   fell into the hands of the Taliban?

   Good thing it was a “success,” right? Or maybe I’m just imagining all
   the bad stuff.  Hallucinations will do that.

   Here’s more good news: “The pandemic is over.” I know that because
   President Biden — the same president who said the withdrawal from
   Afghanistan was a success — has told us it’s over.

   But if it’s really “over” why are between 400 and 500 Americans still
   dying every day of COVID-19? Somebody must be hallucinating because the
   president of the United States says “the pandemic is over.”

   But wait. If it’s really over, why is the Biden administration
   “forgiving” up to $20,000 in federal student loan debt for certain
   borrowers to make sure they are “not placed in a worse position
   financially because of the pandemic” — you know, the one that’s “over”?

   I’m not sure if I’m simply confused or if I’m still hallucinating —
   because I thought crime in our big cities was a real problem. But you’d
   be hard-pressed to find a progressive district attorney anywhere in the
   United States who thinks crime is a big deal, or at least will say so
   publicly. Or, as The Atlantic magazine put it, “Refusing to admit the
   gravity of the [crime] problem won’t make it go away.”

   Merrick Garland’s unprecedented dilemma Putin misjudged Ukraine. Is the
   West falling into a similar trap with Russia and China?

   Even Federico Fellini might think he was watching one of his own
   strange movies if he were alive and witnessing what passes for reality
   in the United States, circa 2022. And why wouldn’t he? After all, we’re
   told that the bloody U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan is a “success.”
   We’re assured that even though the coronavirus is killing hundreds of
   Americans every day, “the pandemic is over.” We know that millions of
   illegal immigrants enter the United States in a single year but we’re
   supposed to believe that the border is “secure.” Statistics tell us
   crime is on the rise but progressives believe it isn’t. And, of course,
   men can get pregnant.

   Yes, up is down, east is west, day is night, and mostly, lies are
   truth. Fellini may have been a master at mixing fantasy with reality,
   but what’s going on today in the United States, I suspect, would be too
   bizarre, even for him.

   Bernard Goldberg is an Emmy and an Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University
   award-winning writer and journalist. He was a correspondent with HBO’s
   “Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel” for 22 years and previously worked as
   a reporter for CBS News and as an analyst for Fox News. He is the
   author of five books and publishes exclusive weekly columns, audio
   commentaries and Q&amp;As on his Substack page. Follow him on Twitter
   @BernardGoldberg.

   Tags Afghanistan withdrawal Biden Biden presidency COVID-19 pandemic
   Kamala Harris Planned Parenthood

   Share Tweet

   ... [ ] More
   Share (BUTTON) ✕
   Twitter
   Facebook
   LinkedIn
   Whatsapp
   Email

More White House News

See All

   White House

A question for 2023: Why can’t the world be more like a cruise ship?

   by Douglas MacKinnon, Opinion Contributor 2 days ago
   White House  /  2 days ago

   White House

Are special envoys getting special treatment from Congress?

   by Morgan Viña and Gabriel Noronha, opinion contributors 3 days ago
   White House  /  3 days ago

   White House

The bad news: 2023 is already shaping up to be a very, very bad year

   by Grady Means, Opinion Contributor 3 days ago
   White House  /  3 days ago

   White House

For Joe Biden, results matter most

   by John Kenneth White, Opinion Contributor 6 days ago
   White House  /  6 days ago
   See All

Video/Hill.TV

See all Hill.TV

See all Video

   Rising

Rising: December 30, 2022

   by TheHill.com 12/30/22 11:00 AM ET
   Rising  /  3 days ago

   The Debrief

GOP to gather in Milwaukee for the 2024 Republican Convention. Can they turn
the purple state red?

   by TheHill.com 12/30/22 11:00 AM ET
   The Debrief  /  3 days ago

   Rising

Rising: December 29, 2022

   by TheHill.com 12/29/22 11:00 AM ET
   Rising  /  4 days ago
   See all Hill.TV See all Video

Top Stories

See All

   Administration

Trump, McCarthy, Biden: Six political storylines that will shape 2023

   by Brett Samuels 3 hours ago
   Administration  /  3 hours ago

   Blog Briefing Room

Hope Hicks to aide on Jan. 6: ‘We all look like domestic terrorists now’

   by Jared Gans 52 mins ago
   Blog Briefing Room  /  52 mins ago

   Finance

Trump tax returns raise alarms about fairness of US tax code

   by Tobias Burns and Sylvan Lane 3 hours ago
   Finance  /  3 hours ago

   House

McCarthy offers concessions to detractors with House Rules package

   by Emily Brooks 10 hours ago
   House  /  10 hours ago
   See All

Most Popular

    1. McCarthy offers concessions to detractors with House Rules package
    2. GOP Rankings: The Republicans most likely to be the party’s 2024
       presidential ...
    3. Trump tax returns raise alarms about fairness of US tax code
    4. Trump, McCarthy, Biden: Six political storylines that will shape
       2023
    5. The Supreme Court’s squandered opportunity
    6. Hope Hicks to aide on Jan. 6: ‘We all look like domestic terrorists
       now’
    7. Vice President Harris reaches 2023 at a crossroads
    8. Trump says ‘abortion issue’ responsible for GOP underperforming ...
    9. Trump rings in new year at Mar-a-Lago with club members, political
       allies
   10. Kinzinger blames McCarthy for Trump ‘factor,’ ‘crazy elements’ in
       ...
   11. Putin misjudged Ukraine. Is the West falling into a similar trap
       with Russia ...
   12. Kinzinger on leaving Congress: ‘I’m not going to miss the job’
   13. 14 killed in attack on Mexican border prison
   14. Former GOP aide on Speaker vote: ‘Self-serving’ Republicans would
       make ...
   15. Kevin Brady on Trump tax return release: ‘This is a dangerous new
       precedent’
   16. Bureaucracy, not billionaires, keeps our emergency rooms full
   17. Big problem for US Catholic voters: US Catholic bishops
   18. Where will marijuana be legal in 2023?

   Load more

Video

     *

Watch live: White House monkeypox response team holds briefing
       News

   See all Video

   DON'T MISS A BRIEF. SIGN UP FOR OUR DAILY EMAIL.

   ____________________________________________________________ Send

   TheHill.com

News

     * Senate
     * House
     * Campaign
     * Administration
     * Regulation
     * Media
     * Briefing Room
     * Latino
     * 12:30 Report
     * Coronavirus Report
     * Floor Action
     * In The Know
     * Sunday Talk Shows
     * More

Policy

     * Defense
     * Energy &amp; Environment
     * Finance
     * Healthcare
     * Technology
     * International
     * Transportation
     * Cybersecurity
     * National Security
     * Sustainability
     * More

Video

     * Latest
     * Defense
     * Energy &amp; Environment
     * Finance
     * Healthcare
     * Technology
     * Transportation
     * International
     * Cybersecurity
     * National Security
     * Sunday Shows
     * Events
     * More

Opinion

     * Contributors to The Hill
     * Columnists
     * Congress Blog
     * More

Resources

     * The Hill Apps
     * People
     * RSS

Other Areas

     * Galleries
     * The Hill Jobs
     * National Jobs

Contributors

     * Submit Opinion Content

   Follow Us On

   Get the App

   Get the Android app from Google Play Get the Android app from Google
   Play
   Get the iOS app from App Store Get the iOS app from App Store

     * Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
     * SUBSCRIPTIONS
     * PRIVACY POLICY
     * TERMS &amp; CONDITIONS
     * CONTACT
     * ADVERTISE
     *
     * NewsNation
     * BestReviews
     * Nexstar Digital
     * Journalistic Integrity

   THE HILL 1625 K STREET, NW SUITE 900 WASHINGTON DC 20006 | 202-628-8500
   TEL | 202-628-8503 FAX

   © 1998 - 2023 Nexstar Media Inc. | All Rights Reserved.

   ✕
   × Close Ad
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-30">
<text>
   #alternate PELA » Feed PELA » Comments Feed alternate alternate
   alternate

   [tr?id=695336351651595&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

Navigation

   PELA PELA
     * en English

Subscribe

   Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates.
   Contact Us
   STUDY ONLINE

   Home

main nav

     * APPLY
          + Apply Now
          + How to apply PELA
          + How to receive a Student Visa
          + Program &amp; Class Tuition
          + PELA Start Dates
          + Submit Document for Application
          + Application Fee Benefits
          + PELA Frequently Asked Questions
     * PROGRAMS &amp; TUITION
          + Program &amp; Class Tuition
          + PELA Start Dates
          + Program &amp; Class Schedules
          + Intensive English Program
          + Semi-Intensive English Program
          + Academic English Class
          + IELTS Preparation Class
          + English Mastery Class
          + Youth English Camp
          + Testimonials – Programs
     * HOUSING
          + Homestay
          + Apartments &amp; Shared Housing
          + Housing Fees
          + Become a Host Family
          + Testimonials – Housing
     * LIFE IN PORTLAND
          + About Portland
          + School Activities
          + Points of Interest
          + Portland Transportation
          + Testimonials – Life in Portland
     * STUDENT SERVICES
          + Conversation Groups
          + Volunteer Activities
          + Tutoring Center
          + IELTS Test Center
          + TOEIC Test Center
          + OET Test Center
          + School Rules/Handbook
          + Downloads
     * ABOUT PELA
          + Mission Statement
          + School Campus &amp; Location
          + Meet Your Teachers
          + Curriculum Methodology
          + Undergraduate &amp; Graduate School Partnerships
          + Student Memories of PELA
          + Testimonials
               o Testimonials – PELA
               o Testimonials – Programs
               o Testimonials – Housing
               o Testimonials – Life in Portland
     * Blog
     * APPLY NOW

   Return to Content
   PELA/Blog/Do I Know You? What’s the difference between a stranger and a
   strange person?

Do I Know You? What’s the difference between a stranger and a strange person?

     * [user.png] Devon Balwit
     * [calendar.png] January 5, 2018
     * [tag.png] How can I improve my English? Learn English SLANG,
       IDIOMS, &amp; PHRASES! Useful English VOCABULARY!

   Is there a “strange” “person stranger” difference in meaning? Yes!

   “Talk to strangers every day!”  I tell my students.  “If you want to
   improve your English more quickly, speak with strangers whenever and
   wherever you can.”

   strange person stranger difference 1

   Often they look shocked.  “I don’t want to talk to strangers,” they
   say.  “I cross the street when I see a stranger.”

   That’s how I know they are probably confused.

   When I say “stranger,” I mean a person they don’t know, a person they
   haven’t met before.

   They think I mean “a strange person,” someone who behaves strangely and
   makes them feel uncomfortable.

   If you sit next to a stranger on a bus or in a coffee shop, start a
   conversation.

   If you sit next to a strange person, you may want to change your seat.
   strange person stranger difference 2

   When you meet a stranger, practice your English.  Make small talk like
   “Nice weather, eh?” or “Long line, huh?”

   strange person stranger difference 3 When you see a strange person, you
   can take a photo for Facebook or Instagram.  For a caption, write “Keep
   Portland Weird.”

   So, try to use this “strange” “person stranger” difference in the real
   world when talking to people in English!
     *
     *
     *
     *

   copy URL

   comments
   Search...___________ (Search)

Categories

     * Effective English WRITING tips
     * How can I improve my English READING skills?
     * How can I improve my English SPEAKING ability?
     * How can I improve my English?
     * IELTS TOEFL Strategies
     * Important English GRAMMAR you should learn!
     * Learn English SLANG, IDIOMS, &amp; PHRASES!
     * Life in PORTLAND News
     * Methods to improve English LISTENING skills!
     * OVERSEAS English Study Tips
     * Student of the Month
     * Students at PELA
     * Useful English VOCABULARY!

Popular Post

   What is the Difference Between a Gerund and a Present Participle
     * Devon Balwit
     * January 12, 2016

   How to Use “Being” and “Having” as Gerunds
     * Devon Balwit
     * January 26, 2016

   What is the difference between “so” and “so that”?
     * Devon Balwit
     * February 26, 2016

   How do I use How Featured Image

   Questions Words: How Can I Use How?
     * Devon Balwit
     * August 8, 2016

   Do vs. Be: Are You Confused? Do You Need Help?
     * Devon Balwit
     * March 6, 2017

Tags

     * British Vocabulary
     * descriptions
     * IELTS
     * IELTS Reading
     * IELTS Speaking
     * IELTS Vocabulary
     * IELTS Writing
     * Listening
     * question words
     * Speaking
     * Test Preparation
     * vocabulary

     Categories
     * Effective English WRITING tips
     * How can I improve my English READING skills?
     * How can I improve my English SPEAKING ability?
     * How can I improve my English?
     * IELTS TOEFL Strategies
     * Important English GRAMMAR you should learn!
     * Learn English SLANG, IDIOMS, &amp; PHRASES!
     * Life in PORTLAND News
     * Methods to improve English LISTENING skills!
     * OVERSEAS English Study Tips
     * Student of the Month
     * Students at PELA
     * Useful English VOCABULARY!

Are you ready to join?

   Apply Now

Do you have questions?

   Contact Us

   apply@portlandenglish.edu
   +1 503-226-1656

Subscribe

   Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates.

   Portland English Language Academy Logo
     * Apply to PELA
     * Application Information

     * Programs &amp; Classes
     * Housing

     * Life in Portland
     * Student Services
     * About Us

   Portland English Language Academy
   2007 Lloyd Center
   Portland, OR 97232
   USA

   © 2023 Portland English Language Academy. All rights reserved.

   [class^="wpforms-"]
   [class^="wpforms-"]
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-31">
<text>
   #Quartz - All stories

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TH42LHK

     * The A.V. Club
     * Deadspin
     * Gizmodo
     * Jalopnik
     * Jezebel
     * Kotaku
     * Lifehacker
     * Quartz
     * The Root
     * The Takeout
     *
     * The Onion
     *
     * The Inventory

   Make business better.™️
   Send us a tip!Shop

   HomeLatestFinanceEconomicsTechnologySustainabilityLifestyleQuartz at
   Work✉️ Emails
   We may earn a commission from links on this page.
   Make business better.™️

   HomeLatestFinanceEconomicsTechnologySustainabilityLifestyleQuartz at
   Work✉️ Emails

   CONDUIT TO CREATIVITY

To come up with more creative ideas, try talking to a stranger

   Science suggests it might be the best tactic for finding new and novel
   ideas
   Just consider another point of view.
   Just consider another point of view.
   Photo: 5213P (Shutterstock)
   By
   Gabriela Riccardi
   PublishedWednesday 2:31PM
   We may earn a commission from links on this page.

   When psychology lecturer Gillian Sandstrom began her master’s degree at
   Ryerson University, she’d walk from the research lab to her
   supervisor’s office in downtown Toronto. Gillian usually passed the
   same hot dog stand along the way. Day after day, she’d walk by the
   stand. And eventually, without meaning to, she struck up a relationship
   with the woman who worked there.

   “Every day when I walked past her, I would smile and wave,” she says in
   a podcast with the American Psychological Association. “She would wave
   back, and it just really made me feel good. And so I just started
   wondering—what’s going on here? Is this just me, or is this a thing?”
   Advertisement

   The question, she says, led her into her field of work: researching
   minimal social interactions, small interactions with strangers or
   acquaintances that can change the way we think and feel for the better.

   Perhaps it’s no surprise that connecting with a stranger prompted
   Sandstrom’s larger thinking. A new study from behavioral researchers
   reveals that interacting with strangers can be a key tactic for coming
   up with new ideas.

Brainstorm with strangers, refine with friends

   An emerging body of research already shows that talking with strangers
   can make us feel more optimistic and positive, scale up our empathy,
   boost our belonging, and gift us a sense of connection. This research,
   though, considers the impact strangers have on our ideas.

   The study looks to the role of our relationships in creative
   idea-making, drawing a line between the people who know us well and
   those who don’t. And it finds that those we have strong relationships
   with, like parents, partners, and close friends, aren’t actually the
   best people to help us brainstorm new endeavors. Instead, we should
   look to those we have looser connections with.
   Advertisement

   The difference divides between strong ties, or those close
   relationships, and weak ties, which includes distant companions, casual
   acquaintances, and even strangers. And the research finds that the
   latter group can help us generate more and better initial ideas. The
   less we know someone, the more likely they are to challenge our
   creative process.

   “Weak ties increase the chance of ‘creative accidents’ by providing
   diverse notions that collide in the brain,” the authors write. In other
   words, strangers and other people who have some distance from us can
   offer unfamiliar perspectives—which helps prompt more flexible,
   creative thinking from us. We’re even more likely to give novel
   insights and fresh perspectives more consideration when they come from
   someone we don’t know well.

   Pier Vittorio Mannucci, a Bocconi University management professor and
   one of the study’s co-authors, even put the theory to the test in his
   own life. Mannucci was writing a children’s book, I corsari del tempo
   (or The Time Pirates), where the main character discovers a site for
   time travel—along with other time travelers themselves. While
   brainstorming, he reached out to casual acquaintances who’d spent time
   in international places where the book would be set. The conversations
   he had helped him surface and settle on his creative direction.

   That’s not to say that the people we’re close to don’t have a role to
   play in helping us with our ideas. On the contrary, the people we
   consider our strong ties—our trusted collaborators, co-conspirators,
   and confidantes—are better for going deep on those ideas. That’s
   because they often share similar backgrounds or perspectives with us.
   “Instead of gaining new insights,” the researchers add, consulting with
   close connections can help build upon your existing knowledge or
   assumptions.
   Advertisement

   More simply, as Mannucci puts it: generate ideas with strangers, then
   elaborate on them with friends.

🖋 The Memo from Quartz at Work

   A dispatch from the world of modern work. Learn how you can help create
   a productive, creative, and compassionate work culture.
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)

   Quartz at WorkFuture of Work
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-32">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NW5PKS

   Skip to main content

   (BUTTON) Mobile Navigation

   Psychology Today
     * Find a Therapist
       Find a Therapist
       (Search)
       (BUTTON) Therapists
          + Therapists
          + Psychiatrists
          + Treatment Centers
          + Support Groups
       (BUTTON) x
       _________________________ (Search)
       United States Therapists : Login | Sign Up
       United States
          + Austin, TX
          + Brooklyn, NY
          + Chicago, IL
          + Denver, CO
          + Houston, TX
          + Los Angeles, CA
          + New York, NY
          + Portland, OR
          + San Diego, CA
          + San Francisco, CA
          + Seattle, WA
          + Washington, DC
          + Atlanta, GA
          + Sacramento, CA
     * Get Help
       Mental Health
          + Addiction
          + Anxiety
          + ADHD
          + Asperger's
          + Autism
          + Bipolar Disorder
          + Chronic Pain
          + Depression
          + Eating Disorders
       Personality
          + Passive Aggression
          + Personality
          + Shyness
       Personal Growth
          + Goal Setting
          + Happiness
          + Positive Psychology
          + Stopping Smoking
       Relationships
          + Low Sexual Desire
          + Relationships
          + Sex
       Family Life
          + Child Development
          + Parenting
       View Help Index
       Do I Need Help?
          + Self Tests
          + Therapy Center
            NEW
       Recently Diagnosed?
          + Diagnosis Dictionary
          + Types of Therapy
       Talk to Someone
          + Find a Therapist
          + Find a Treatment Center
          + Find a Psychiatrist
          + Find a Support Group
          + Find Teletherapy
     * Magazine
       Current
       November 2022 magazine cover
       November 2022
       Did I Really Just Say That?
       Our conversations are sprinkled with slips, pauses, lies, and clues
       to our inner world. Here’s what we reveal when we speak, whether we
       mean to or not.
       Subscribe
       Recent
       September 2022 magazine cover
       July 2022 magazine cover
       May 2022 magazine cover
       March 2022 magazine cover
       Issue Archive
     * Today

News
          + What's Considered a Turnoff?: Research Finds 69 Dealbreakers
          + How Couples Can Make Relationships Work Despite Conflict
          + AI Uses Genetics to Predict Psychiatric Disorders
          + What to Do with the Entitled Narcissists in Your Life
       Essential Reads
          +
        What If I Go to Therapy and Find Out I'm "Crazy"?
          +
        Is Sexual Dysfunction Contagious?
          +
        How to Handle a Partner Who Expects Perfection
          +
        The Difference Between Narcissism and High Self-Esteem
       Trending Topics
          + Coronavirus Disease 2019
          + Narcissism
          + Dementia
          + Bias
          + Affective Forecasting
          + Neuroscience

See All

   us
   Search
   Search
   Search _______________
   Search
   ____________________ (Search)

   Verified by Psychology Today

   Wendy L. Patrick, J.D., Ph.D.
   Wendy L. Patrick, J.D., Ph.D.
   Why Bad Looks Good

4 Signs That a Stranger Poses Danger

Not paranoia, but preparedness. How to separate the helpful from the harmful.

   Posted March 26, 2017
     * Share on Facebook Share
     * Share on Twitter Tweet
     * Share via Email Email

   Milles Studio/Shutterstock
   Source: Milles Studio/Shutterstock

   Strangers often turn into friends, co-workers, or even life partners.
   We are motivated to view others positively, because of this potential
   for building productive relationships. Yet sensing danger should
   curtail your initial level of courtesy.

   Strangers Are Statistically Safe

   As we prepare to head into April, which is Sexual Assault Awareness
   Month, we begin with the observation that most strangers are safe — or
   at least harmless. As strange as it sounds to put it that way,
   statistically speaking, it is true. Yet it is precisely because the
   majority of people are harmless that we extend the benefit of the doubt
   to those who are not.

   To put the danger into perspective, I have spent the last 20-plus years
   prosecuting the exceptions to the harmless stranger rule. And those
   exceptions will keep myself and my colleagues in the District
   Attorney's Office employed for the rest of our careers. In other words,
   the level of risk from stranger danger is statistically low, but
   significantly serious.

   This risk is enhanced by the reality that in most cases, we are unable
   to spot dangerous people merely by looking. Actions speak louder than
   words, and appearances can be deceiving. Here are some safety
   strategies to help you separate the harmful from the harmless.

   Context Counts

   Stranger danger includes both risk of criminal behavior and of sexual
   harassment — which even if it does not include physical contact, can
   have significant adverse consequences.

   Research indicates that stranger harassment results in more negative
   outcomes than workplace harassment, with incidents involving physical
   contact causing the most negative reactions.[1] It further reveals that
   harassment taking place at a bar caused less negative reactions than
   harassment at a store or at an office, a finding believed to be
   consistent with the interaction between perceived sexual harassment and
   permissive social norms.[2]

   Yet not all strangers display harassing behavior. Some are even more
   dangerous, charming, and disarming by clothing themselves in courtesy.
   These wolves in sheep's clothing prey on victims by capitalizing on
   social norms of helpfulness and cooperation in either requesting or
   offering assistance.

   Requests for Personal Assistance

   We all want to live by the biblical and social mandate, “Do unto
   others.” Following the Golden Rule, we would love to help everyone in
   all situations. But beware of the seemingly able-bodied stranger who
   approaches you requesting assistance, particularly in an environment
   with lots of available options, such as train stations and airports.

   This person may be harmless, but you should remain attuned to your
   instincts. Direct someone who makes you uncomfortable to an information
   counter or to local authorities for help. And in an era when almost
   everyone has a cell phone, do not feel pressured to lend someone yours,
   which will give them access to your personal information, including
   private numbers, passwords, and photographs of your kids.

   Assistance Insistence

   Some people, both good and bad, offer assistance instead of requesting
   it. As a general rule, helpful people are wonderful, as we welcome both
   aid and altruism.

   Helping behavior enhances interpersonal warmth, because helping is
   believed to demonstrate kindness.[3] Helping also generates perceived
   competence through demonstrating valuable skills or essential
   information, resulting in elevated status attributed to the helper.[4]

   Yet a stranger's true intentions are often revealed in reaction to your
   response. While most strangers are gracious whether you accept their
   help or not, a further offer becomes inappropriate after you have
   declined assistance.

   It is appropriate to accept a stranger's offer to lift your heavy
   briefcase into the overhead compartment on a crowded airplane. It is
   inappropriate to have a stranger approach you outside your neighborhood
   market and insist on carrying your groceries to your car — particularly
   after you have said “no.” Be wary of any sentence that begins with “I
   insist.” And keep a firm grasp on your belongings when declining
   assistance, as a predator intent on pursuing an opportunity for sexual
   assault will attempt to grab your belongings right out of your hand.

   The Open Nook

   When you meet friendly strangers, your level of disclosure will depend
   on your level of comfort. Remember that it is not rude to keep personal
   details to yourself. Along these lines, beware the open book (or the
   open "nook" in the digital era).

   Predators may attempt to elicit personal details from you by revealing
   their own. Providing too much information, or “TMI," can be a ploy to
   create a sense of obligation on your part to reciprocate. Don't fall
   for it. There is no rule of reciprocity that requires you to share
   private details with a stranger, regardless of how much they share with
   you.

   And remember that you cannot always judge a book by its cover. When
   getting to know a new acquaintance, what you assumed was an authentic
   autobiography may in fact be fiction.

   From Foot in the Door to Door in the Face

   We remind our children to mind their manners, and we try to do the
   same. Yet with a stranger who makes you uncomfortable, don't. If you
   realize you have allowed someone who makes you uncomfortable to get a
   foot in the door, close it.

   ^Wendy Patrick, JD, Ph.D., is a career prosecutor, author, and
   behavioral expert, and is the author of Red Flags: How to Spot
   Frenemies, Underminers, and Ruthless People (St. Martin´s Press, 2015).
   The opinions expressed in this column are her own.

   References

   [1] Megan K. McCarty, Nicole E. Iannone, and Janice R. Kelly, ”Stranger
   Danger: The Role of Perpetrator and Context in Moderating Reactions to
   Sexual Harassment,” Sexuality &amp; Culture Vol. 18 (2014): 739-758.

   [2] McCarty et al.,”Stranger Danger: The Role of Perpetrator and
   Context in Moderating Reactions to Sexual Harassment,” 751 (citing
   Pryor et al., 1993, 1995).

   [3] Esther Van Leeuwen and Susanne Tauber, “The Strategic Side of
   Out-Group Helping,” in The Psychology of Prosocial Behavior: Group
   Processes, Intergroup Relations, and Helping, eds. Stefan Sturmer and
   Mark Snyder (Chichester: John Wiley and Sons, 2010), 81–99 (88).

   [4] Leeuwen and Tauber, “The Strategic Side of Out-Group Helping,” 91.
   (BUTTON) More references
     * Share on Facebook Share
     * Share on Twitter Tweet
     * Share via Email Email

   advertisement
   About the Author
   Wendy L. Patrick, J.D., Ph.D.

   Wendy L. Patrick, J.D., Ph.D., is a career trial attorney, behavioral
   analyst, author of Red Flags, and co-author of Reading People.
   Online:
   wendypatrickphd.com, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter
   Read Next
   Peer Support Beyond the Badge
   How Prosocial Behavior Predicts Relational Quality

   advertisement
   Most Popular

   4 Signs You Have an Inner Gaslighter Mode

   Micro-Abandonments: How a Narcissist Gains Emotional Control

   6 Signs Your Self-Control Issues Come From Childhood Neglect

   New Research Identifies Two Major Causes of Loneliness

   What Happens When You Give Your Partner the Silent Treatment?

   8 Ways to Live More Fully in 2023
   advertisement
   Find a Therapist

   Get the help you need from a therapist near you–a FREE service from
   Psychology Today.
   City or Zip ____________________ (Search)
   Counselling
   Cities:
     * Atlanta, GA
     * Austin, TX
     * Baltimore, MD
     * Boston, MA
     * Brooklyn, NY
     * Charlotte, NC
     * Chicago, IL
     * Columbus, OH
     * Dallas, TX
     * Denver, CO
     * Detroit, MI
     * Houston, TX
     * Indianapolis, IN
     * Jacksonville, FL
     * Las Vegas, NV
     * Los Angeles, CA
     * Louisville, KY
     * Memphis, TN
     * Miami, FL
     * Milwaukee, WI
     * Minneapolis, MN
     * Nashville, TN
     * New York, NY
     * Oakland, CA
     * Omaha, NE
     * Philadelphia, PA
     * Phoenix, AZ
     * Pittsburgh, PA
     * Portland, OR
     * Raleigh, NC
     * Sacramento, CA
     * Saint Louis, MO
     * San Antonio, TX
     * San Diego, CA
     * San Francisco, CA
     * San Jose, CA
     * Seattle, WA
     * Tucson, AZ
     * Washington, DC

   Are you a Therapist? Get Listed Today

   Psychology Today
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Instagram

   Recent Issues
   November 2022 magazine cover
   September 2022 magazine cover
   July 2022 magazine cover
   May 2022 magazine cover
   March 2022 magazine cover
   January 2022 magazine cover
   Subscribe Today
     * About
     * Editorial Process
     * Privacy
     * Terms
     * Accessibility

   United States United States

   Psychology Today © 2023 Sussex Publishers, LLC
   Back
   Psychology Today
     * Home
     * Find a Therapist
     * Get Help
     * Magazine
     * Today

   Back

Find a Therapist

     * Get Help
     * Find a Therapist
     * Find a Treatment Center
     * Find a Psychiatrist
     * Find a Support Group
     * Find Teletherapy

     * Members
     * Login
     * Sign Up

     * United States
     * Austin, TX
     * Brooklyn, NY
     * Chicago, IL
     * Denver, CO
     * Houston, TX
     * Los Angeles, CA
     * New York, NY
     * Portland, OR
     * San Diego, CA
     * San Francisco, CA
     * Seattle, WA
     * Washington, DC

   Back

Get Help

   Mental Health
     * Addiction
     * Anxiety
     * ADHD
     * Asperger's
     * Autism
     * Bipolar Disorder
     * Chronic Pain
     * Depression
     * Eating Disorders

   Personality
     * Passive Aggression
     * Personality
     * Shyness

   Personal Growth
     * Goal Setting
     * Happiness
     * Positive Psychology
     * Stopping Smoking

   Relationships
     * Low Sexual Desire
     * Relationships
     * Sex

   Family Life
     * Child Development
     * Parenting

   View Help Index
   Do I Need Help?
     * Self Tests
     * Therapy Center
       NEW

   Recently Diagnosed?
     * Diagnosis Dictionary
     * Types of Therapy

   Talk to Someone
     * Find a Therapist
     * Find a Treatment Center
     * Find a Psychiatrist
     * Find a Support Group
     * Find Teletherapy

   Back

Magazine

   November 2022 magazine cover
   November 2022
   Did I Really Just Say That?

   Our conversations are sprinkled with slips, pauses, lies, and clues to
   our inner world. Here’s what we reveal when we speak, whether we mean
   to or not.
   Subscribe Issue Archive
   Back

Today

News

     * What's Considered a Turnoff?: Research Finds 69 Dealbreakers
     * How Couples Can Make Relationships Work Despite Conflict
     * AI Uses Genetics to Predict Psychiatric Disorders

   Essential Reads
     *
   What If I Go to Therapy and Find Out I'm "Crazy"?
     *
   Is Sexual Dysfunction Contagious?
     *
   How to Handle a Partner Who Expects Perfection
     *
   The Difference Between Narcissism and High Self-Esteem

   Trending Topics
     * Coronavirus Disease 2019
     * Narcissism
     * Dementia
     * Bias
     * Affective Forecasting
     * Neuroscience

See All
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-33">
<text>
   #Anadolu Ajansı » Rss

   breaking
     •

   (BUTTON) EDITION
   Türkçe English BHSC Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی
   македонски Bahasa Indonesia Español

   logo
   (BUTTON)

Most Americans 'feel like stranger' in US: survey

     * Türkİye (current)
     * World (current)
     * Economy (current)
     * Politics (current)
     * Energy (current)
     * Sports (current)
     * Infographics (current)
     * Analysis (current)
     * Video
     * Photo

   ____________________

   Türkiye

   World
     * Middle East
     * Americas
     * Europe
     * Africa
     * Asia - Pacific

   Economy

   Politics

   Energy

   Sports

   Infographics

   Analysis

   Photo

   Video

   Environment

   Education

   Life

   Culture

   Analysis

   Health

   Science-Technology

   Anadolu Post

   Company News

   Finance Terminal

   Anadolu Images

   Energy Terminal

   News Academy

   Green Line

   Discrimination Line

   Fact Check Line

   Career AA

   Corporate News

   logo
   logo
   ×
   ____________________
   EDITION
   Türkçe English BHSC Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی
   македонски Bahasa Indonesia Español
     * Türkiye
     * World
     * Economy
     * Politics
     * Energy
     * Sports
     * Infographics
     * Analysis
     * Photo
     * Video
     * Anadolu Post

   Americas

Most Americans 'feel like stranger' in US: survey

More than half of respondents believe US headed in wrong direction, poll
shows

   Servet Gunerigok   | 12.11.2019
   Most Americans 'feel like stranger' in US: survey Photo by Paul
   Garaizar on Unsplash

   WASHINGTON

   Most Americans "feel like a stranger" in their own country, according
   to a poll.

   Axios/Survey Monkey poll showed that 60% of adults said they agreed
   that "things have changed so much that I often feel like a stranger in
   my own country."

   Of 2,811 respondents, 24% said they "completely agree" and 36% said
   they "mostly agree" with the statement.

   The poll also found that 67% of those polled were angry about the way
   things are going in the country. As well, 62% found themselves feeling
   angry about current events and the news.

   More than half of the respondents, or 59%, said things in the U.S. are
   now headed in the wrong direction.

   The respondents were also asked to respond to the way U.S. President
   Donald Trump is handling his job, with 54% disapproved while 44%
   approved.

   The poll was conducted from Oct. 17 - 20, nearly a week before House
   Democrats launched a formal impeachment inquiry following claims by a
   whistle-blower that the president sought to pressure Ukraine to
   interfere in the 2020 presidential elections.

   In a July 25 telephone call, Trump repeatedly pressed Ukraine President
   Volodymyr Zelensky to launch a probe into former U.S. Vice President
   Joe Biden, and his son, Hunter, a businessman, over unsubstantiated
   corruption allegations.

   The elder Biden is a leading candidate in the race for the Democratic
   nomination to challenge Trump for the presidency in 2020.

   Trump, a Republican, has accused Democrats of time-wasting and says the
   House inquiry amounts to a “lynching,” maintaining he did nothing
   wrong.

   Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories
   offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in
   summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options.

Related topics

   Americans survey

Bu haberi paylaşın

   [bip.png]
   Analysis
   World

Qatar requires negative COVID tests for travelers from China
     __________________________________________________________________

UK health official says some emergency departments in 'complete state of
crisis'
     __________________________________________________________________

Greece tries to prevent and sabotage consultation with Türkiye: Defense chief
     __________________________________________________________________

Recession to hit 1/3rd of world economy this year, says IMF chief
     __________________________________________________________________

Anadolu Agency's Morning Briefing – Jan. 2, 2023

Related news

   Indian court orders survey of another historic mosque after Hindu group
   claims ownership

Indian court orders survey of another historic mosque after Hindu group
claims ownership

Controversial Twitter CEO Elon Musk should step down, says online survey he
posted

   Anadolu Agency
   facebook logo twitter logo youtube logo instagram logo

Corporate

   History

   Editorial Guidelines

   Social Media Policies

   Executive Team

   Domestic Offices

   International Offices

   Media Center

   Contact

   RSS

   Subscription Requests

   Announcement Service

   Quality Management

   Privacy and Cookies Policy

   Information Policy

   Diary

Network

   Company News

   Finance Terminal

   Anadolu Images

   Energy Terminal

   News Academy

   Green Line

   Discrimination Line

   Fact Check Line

Your source of trusted news

   IPhone Application

   IPad Application

   Android Application
   googleplay logo applestore logo
   Anadolu Agency © 2021
   We use cookies in a limited and restricted manner for specific
   purposes. For more details, you can see "our data policy".
   Accept Reject Manage Cookies

Changing Cookie Preferences

   (BUTTON) ×
   Mandatory cookies are used on our website www.aa.com.tr in order to
   provide you with a better service. These cookies cannot be disabled via
   the "Cookie Control Panel". You can view the cookies used on our site
   via the "Cookie Control Panel" and change your preferences.
   Necessary Cookies
   This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is
   beneficial for the web site, in order to make valid reports on the use
   of their web site.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Functional Cookies
   Remembers the user's selected language version of a website.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Performance/Analytical Cookies
   Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how
   the visitor uses the website.Used by Google Analytics to throttle
   request rate.
   (*) Accept
   ( ) Reject
     __________________________________________________________________

   Advertising/Marketing Cookies
   This cookie is used to collect information on consumer behavior, which
   is sent to Alexa Analytics. (Alexa Analytics is an Amazon company.)
   (*) Accept
   ( ) Reject
   (BUTTON) Reset All (BUTTON) Save Changes

Your opinions matter to us

   (BUTTON) times;

Feedback

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) 0 / 5


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   (BUTTON) Kapat (BUTTON) Send
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-34">
<text>
   #The Oxford Student » Feed alternate alternate alternate

     *

     *
     *

     * About
     * Advisory Board
     * Editorial Team
     * Contact
     * Send a news tip 👀
     * Write for us
     * Apply to join our team!
     * Our sponsors

   Oxford University's Student Newspaper. Est. 1991

     * 2nd January 2023
     * News
       News

OxStu’s Top 10 News Stories of 2022!

SU VP Women Ellie Greaves apologises for ‘contributing to trans-exclusionary
narrative’

Opportunism and Falseness at Oxford: A Satirical Perspective
          + University News
          + College News
          + Local News
          + National News
          + Investigations
     * Features
       Features

Is ‘Nature’ an Acceptable Moral Standard?

Editorials – Week 7

No Guns, No Fear: Why Oxford Feels so Safe to an American Exchange Student
          + Features
          + Identity
          + Pink
     * Comment
       Comment

Not so Dishi Rishi?

Executing protesters: How the Iranian dictatorship took crackdown to a new
level

Opportunism and Falseness at Oxford: A Satirical Perspective
          + University/Local Issues
          + National Issues
          + International Issues
     * Culture
       Culture

UK Hun? The Rundown on RuPaul’s Drag Race UK Series 4

Drake versus Megan Thee Stallion

“I’m just putting on a show, might as well make it a good one”: Review of
‘Troy Story: Age of the Hero’
          + Entertainment
          + Food &amp; Drink
          + Gaming
          + Style
          + Gen Z
     * Profile
       Profile

“I wish we were appreciated more” – Vice Chancellor Dame Louise Richardson on
Leaving Oxford

How stem cell donations saved Zac Giles’ life – twice

“I hope I see the day in my lifetime when all girls have access to
education”: Malala addresses Oxford
     * OxYou
       OxYou
       Satire and Student Features

SUNDAY ROAST: LOVE AT LAST

A Guide To Returning Home For The Vac

Students study in libraries fueled by “warm glow of knowledge” to save on
heating costs
     * SciTech
       SciTech

Social Prescribing: tackling COVID psychological toll

A case against avoiding the voi: summarising e-scooter studies

A bird in the hand is worth $44 billion: Elon Musk’s Twitter takeover and
what it means
     * Green
       Green

Is ‘Nature’ an Acceptable Moral Standard?

A Guide to COP27

Misconceptions About Our Food Systems
     * Sport
       Sport

The World Cup Group Stage Look Ahead

The Flying Dutchman: Super Max Verstappen dominates the field in 2022

Pints, Pubs and Parks: What a night out with each Premier League manager
would look like
          + University Sport
          + College Sport
     * Column
       Column

Driftenschriften: A Flâneur in Munich

Feeding Your Flat: Vegetable egg fried rice (V, GF, DF, Low FOD MAP)

Driftenschriften: A Flâneur in Munich
     * OxStu in Print

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Reading
   The Stranger, The Outsider and The Foreigner
   ShareTweet

   Entertainment
   ·20th December 2012

The Stranger, The Outsider and The Foreigner

   Thomas Benson

   Translation is, at best, the science of ‘best fit’. Whether in the
   euphemistic, guarded language of politics or the allusive,
   metaphor-heavy literary world, words always carry far more weight than
   just their simple face value, carrying hidden references and allusions.
   The word ‘straight’, for instance on the surface just means linear- a
   ‘straight road’. Yet it carries a whole bundle of associated meanings;
   it can signify honesty, sexuality, neatness, seriousness. A quick look
   at the online Oxford Dictionary shows you the extent of the meanings
   stemming from this simple word.

   This makes the lives of translators very problematic, and the
   difficulties are nowhere more pronounced than in literature. Take the
   title of Camus’ most famous book- L’Étranger. In French, this word
   carries three associated but nevertheless distinct meanings: the
   stranger, the foreigner and the outsider. All of these words have some
   degree of claim to representing the French title, and conveying Camus’
   intentions, but none of them can truly represent the meaning of the
   original word. As it is, the title is usually translated as either The
   Outsider or The Stranger, although The Outsider proves the less popular
   choice; probably due to the phonic similarity between ‘stranger’ and
   the original title.

   Moving beyond the title into the first line, one of the most famous in
   French literature – ‘Aujourd’hui, maman est mort’- and the debate
   continues. How do we translate ‘maman’? Mersault, the main character,
   is a cold, unfeeling outsider (or stranger); the choice of how he
   reacts to his mother’s death will set the tone for the novel as a
   whole. Mother is too cold and formal, mum is too monosyllabic and
   informal. ‘Maman’ sits between the two and is the reason that Matthew
   Ward left it untranslated in his edition (he also plumped for The
   Stranger).  Recently, a new edition of L’Étranger was published that
   translated the line as ‘My mother died today’, introducing a new warmth
   and sentimental attachment.

   The debate then is over the structure of the line itself. Should the
   structure of the sentence remain the same- ‘Today, mother died’- or the
   more fluid ‘Mother died today’? While the latter sounds more
   Anglophonic, it carries none of the associated meaning of Camus’
   original. It is significant that Mersault lists the time before the
   death of his mother. He lives without a concept of past and future,
   living in the present. He concentrates on his life as it happens,
   disregarding the past and not bothering to foretell the future
   consequences of his actions; his emotional and temporal detachment
   render him cold, uncaring, and unlikeable. ‘Today, mother died’ is far
   more consistent with his outlook and with the next sentence of the
   novel- ‘or yesterday; I don’t know.’

   So much to consider from the first sentence, and the task of the
   translator will not get much easier throughout the novel. Exploring the
   minefield of meaning is a difficult task, but an enjoyable one; a form
   of mental yoga, stretching meanings and contorting sentence structure
   until the original intent of the author is adequately conveyed. It is
   just a shame that Camus himself is not around; it would have been
   interesting to see which translation he chose.


   PHOTO/xlibber
   Post Views: 8,429

Liked this article? Why not share it?

     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Related

Latest News

     * Social Prescribing: tackling COVID psychological toll 2nd January
       2023
     * OxStu’s Top 10 News Stories of 2022! 31st December 2022
     * Not so Dishi Rishi? 24th December 2022
     * UK Hun? The Rundown on RuPaul’s Drag Race UK Series 4 22nd December
       2022
     * Drake versus Megan Thee Stallion 22nd December 2022

     * About
     * Advisory Board
     * Editorial Team
     * Contact
     * Send a news tip 👀
     * Write for us
     * Apply to join our team!
     * Our sponsors

   Oxford Student Services Ltd. 2022

     * News
          + University News
          + College News
          + Local News
          + National News
          + Investigations
     * Features
          + Features
          + Identity
          + Pink
     * Comment
          + University/Local Issues
          + National Issues
          + International Issues
     * Culture
          + Entertainment
          + Food &amp; Drink
          + Gaming
          + Style
          + Gen Z
     * Profile
     * OxYou
     * SciTech
     * Green
     * Sport
          + University Sport
          + College Sport
     * Column
     * OxStu in Print

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Start typing to see results or hit ESC to close
   Oxford culture review Music news
   See all results

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-35">
<text>
   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PPLZ7V9

   The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are
   disabled.

   JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best
   experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PPLZ7V9

     * Study Guides
          + Literature
          + Poetry
          + Movies
          + Bible
          + Mythology
          + Historical Texts
          + Music
          + Lit Movements
          + History
          + Math
          + Biology
          + Biography
     * Students
          + Students Home
          + Study Guides
          + Shakespeare
          + Quotes
          + Videos
          + Grammar
     * Teachers
          + Teachers Home
          + Test Prep
          + Courses
          + Subscription
          + Teaching Guides
          + Teaching Blog
     * Parents
          + Parents Home
          + Homeschool
          + College Resources
     * Districts
          + Districts Home
          + Heartbeat
          + Test Prep
          + Intervention
          + Courses
          + Pro Services
          + Schedule Demo
          + Case Studies
     * Shmoop
          + About Us
          + Careers
          + Awards
          + News
          + Advertising
          + Contact
          + FAQs

     * Support
     * Blog
     * Support

   See Plans
   Sign Up
   Login
   Study Guide

The Stranger What’s Up With the Title?

   Advertisement - Guide continues below
   Previous Next

   What’s Up With the Title?

   Before you start humming The Doors' "People Are Strange," hold up.
   We're not just dealing with Meursault being a total weirdo; we're
   dealing with translation, colonialism, and existential angst.

   Let's start with: "What is the title?" In case you didn't know, Camus
   was French; so he wrote The Stranger in French, and, because it seemed
   appropriate, gave it a French title: L'Étranger. Here's where things
   get tricky—in the translation. "L'Étranger" could have easily been
   translated as "The Foreigner" instead of as "The Stranger," and
   actually is in some cases.

   Translations aside, it's more fun to argue semantics. Let's run with
   this "foreigner" bit. Our main character, Meursault, is a French man
   living in French Algiers. In some senses, yes, this makes him a
   foreigner to the land, but the text establishes that in fact his family
   has lived there for several generations—in a colonialist capacity, yes,
   but they've still been around. They know Algeria. More likely,
   Meursault is a metaphorical foreigner. We know this guy is detachment
   personified, so it's easy to argue that he's a foreigner to society, to
   common, human customs—he's an "outsider" (yet another possible
   translation for the title, by the way).

   This is based on the word "foreigner," but the same thing applies to
   the title The Stranger. Meursault is a stranger among other people
   because he is so isolated from them—mentally, emotionally, spiritually,
   and, by the end of the text, physically (he's imprisoned).

   He's strange. He's the strangest. He's the stranger.
   Previous Next

   IFRAME:
   https://dn5bj2dqerm21.cloudfront.net/f/3eJyrVspUslJQMjQxsFTSUVAqB3HKy8v
   1ijNy8/ML9JLzc0HCJSDhNKVaABW4DFU===/1409.html

   More on The Stranger Navigation
     * Introduction
     * Summary
          + Part 1, Chapter 1
          + Part 1, Chapter 2
          + Part 1, Chapter 3
          + Part 1, Chapter 4
          + Part 1, Chapter 5
          + Part 1, Chapter 6
          + Part 2, Chapter 1
          + Part 2, Chapter 2
          + Part 2, Chapter 3
          + Part 2, Chapter 4
          + Part 2, Chapter 5
     * Themes
          + Philosophical Viewpoints: The Absurd
          + Mortality
          + Isolation
          + Sadness
          + Man and the Natural World
          + Religion
          + Women and Femininity
          + Society and Class
          + Friendship
          + Passivity
     * Characters
          + Meursault
          + Marie Cardona
          + Raymond Sintes
          + Old Salamano
     * Analysis
          + Tone
          + Genre
          + What’s Up With the Title?
          + Setting
          + Writing Style
          + Symbolism, Imagery, Allegory
          + Narrator Point of View
          + Booker's Seven Basic Plots Analysis
          + Plot Analysis
          + Three Act Plot Analysis
          + Allusions
     * Quotes
          + Isolation
          + Society and Class
          + Sadness
          + Man and the Natural World
          + Passivity
          + Mortality
          + Philosophical Viewpoints: The Absurd
          + Friendship
          + Women and Femininity
          + Religion
     * Premium
          + For Teachers
          + Remove Ads

   (BUTTON) +

This is a premium product

   Unlock these features

Tired of ads?

   Join today and never see them again.
   Get started
     * About Us
     * Careers
     * Awards
     * News
     * Advertising
     * Contact
     * FAQs

Students

     * Study Guides
     * Shakespeare
     * Quotes
     * Videos
     * Grammar

Teachers

     * Test Prep
     * Courses
     * Subscription
     * Teaching Guides
     * Teacher Blog

Guardians

     * Homeschool
     * School Resources
     * College Resources

Districts

     * Heartbeat®
     * Test Prep
     * Intervention
     * Courses
     * Pro Services
     * Schedule Demo
     * Case Studies

Study Guides

     * Literature
     * Poetry
     * Movies
     * Bible
     * Mythology
     * Historical Texts
     * Music
     * Math

     * Support
     * Blog
     * Support

   © 2023 Shmoop University Inc | All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Legal
     * YouTube
     * Instagram
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Linkedin

   Please Wait...
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-36">
<text>
   InterNations makes use of JavaScript. Please enable it to have full
   user experience.

   Join now
   Log in
   Email ____________________
   Password ____________________ Forgot password?
   [X] Keep me logged in
   (BUTTON) Log in

   Not a member yet? Join now
   Log in Join now

    1. Home
    2. Magazine
    3. Experiences Abroad
    4. The Need to Belong Is Part of Being Human

    1. Experiences Abroad

The Need to Belong Is Part of Being Human

   [4425c18e1034e70c6b4921c33ccfe2e99b834691.jpeg]
   By Ximena Veliz
   InterNations member Ximena, a Chilean expat turned intercultural coach,
   talks about the powerful need of people to belong — and about how being
   a foreigner doesn’t have to mean feeling like a stranger.

   Our community of foreigners keeps on growing all around the world. As
   per Mr. Wu Hongbo, UN’s Under Secretary General, the number of migrants
   worldwide has just hit 232 million. Commonly used words today are
   expat, TCK (third culture kid), or migrant. For the sake of this
   article I would like to ask you to acknowledge all foreigners,
   regardless of their circumstances or reasons for living outside their
   country of birth or of origin. Everyone has a story!

   Two definitions of foreigner from the Oxford English Dictionary:
    1. A person born in or coming from a country other than one’s own;
    2. A person not belonging to a particular place or group; a stranger
       or outsider.

Becoming a Foreigner

   A new project excites you, yet it might also scare you. You get the
   news of a transfer via your employer, or you decide to move because you
   have fallen in love with someone in another country. Perhaps you want
   to learn the language. For some it’s fleeing their country for
   political reasons and for others it’s following a childhood dream of
   discovering the world. Whatever the reason, the moment you make that
   decision or you receive the confirmation and it becomes official, that
   is the moment your life changes forever.

   When I was twelve and moved to Miami, Florida, from Arica, Chile, I had
   already moved from Santiago to Arica the previous year — and now to
   another country with another language. I was so excited about the
   newness of it all, and at the same time I was sad and scared to leave
   family and friends behind again. I was afraid of not fitting in, not
   being able to learn the language, not making friends.

   That was 38 years ago: since then I have moved many times, travelled a
   lot and continue to do so as much as I can. I also learned French,
   which was a great bonus considering the fear I had at first about
   learning English. Today I am a foreigner even in Chile. But it wasn’t
   easy settling into the "foreigner" status at 12, and then again at 17,
   and then again and again, until I finally understood that being a
   foreigner (definition one) was not the same as being a foreigner
   (definition two).

Don’t Be a Stranger! Being A Foreigner Doesn’t Mean You Don’t Belong

   So yes, change can be exhilarating: the energy is high and positive
   while you are in the process of planning to meet new people, make new
   friends and start afresh. But when that takes some time and you begin
   to tell yourself that you have no time to go out, or you are tired and
   spend too much time alone, you will feel the excitement fading away and
   you will begin to settle into your new life as an outsider, as
   foreigner (2) — a person not belonging to a particular place or group,
   a stranger or outsider.

   Foreigner (2) happens to teens when they transition from childhood to
   adulthood, and of course it can happen to you even in your own country.
   It happens very often and to many people even if they don’t talk about
   it. As an intercultural coach I know about this phenomenon because I
   experienced it firsthand and because I lived in Geneva, Switzerland,
   where foreigners make up 50% of the population. The feeling of not
   belonging anywhere is very strong and it brings you to an unfamiliar
   place, where you feel alone and misunderstood.

   People at home remember your enthusiasm: they remind you of the amazing
   opportunity you had, but you cannot get the zest back and the reality
   doesn’t look as amazing as the dream looked. Your energy is low and you
   just don’t feel too great. This is because humans need to belong,
   remember this.

   If you haven’t found a group of friends or just one friend to take
   walks with, talk to, play games with, or simply go have a cup of coffee
   with, you are floating around on your own in a new place. You will
   continue to feel that something is missing or that something is wrong.
   You might even blame the place, when in fact it’s you, and you can
   change it very quickly!

Finding "Your People"

   I send my clients to InterNations no matter where they are in the
   world. I tell them to just go mingle and meet like-minded people as
   they are mostly going through some of the same things, have recently
   moved and started new jobs, sometimes ended relationships, and they are
   feeling just as misplaced. Many — including myself — find a place to
   belong to and perhaps go hiking, attend a book club group, or join a
   sailing group, and if they don’t find a group doing something they
   like, they can create their own.

   I suggest you do this while your enthusiasm is high, so plan ahead of a
   move and schedule some outings. Later it gets harder when you begin to
   feel the separation and the feeling of not belonging. But if you are
   already in that place where it’s hard to get out and meet people, I
   suggest you start from scratch and remember the feeling of enthusiasm
   you had before moving and pretend to be moving now, no matter how long
   ago that actually was: go for it and get the zest back as there are
   people waiting to meet you.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [4425c18e1034e70c6b4921c33ccfe2e99b834691.jpeg]

About Ximena Veliz

   Ximena Veliz is an independent intercultural coach with two primary
   passions, people and cultures. She recently moved to Los Angeles, where
   the sun always shines, and loves to walk on the beach. Traveling and
   discovering new places is a must on her agenda and working with her
   international clients is always her priority.
     __________________________________________________________________

Article Topics

   Friends &amp; Relationships
   Settling In

Related Articles

     * My InterNations Experience — Meet the Instagram Contest Winner

My InterNations Experience — Meet the Instagram Contest Winner
       In September, we celebrated our 15th anniversary and asked you to
       share your favorite InterNations experience with us on Instagram.
       Here, we want to introduce you to the winner, give you an insight
       into her expat journey, and share the winning photo with you.
     * Making Friends for Life — Iveta’s InterNations Story

Making Friends for Life — Iveta’s InterNations Story
       For InterNations member Iveta, joining InterNations events in Tel
       Aviv was the beginning of a great journey that resulted in lots of
       fun and life-long friendships that last to this day. Read Iveta’s
       story below and find out more about her journey!
     * An Opportunity to Explore &amp; Learn — Maria’s InterNations Story

An Opportunity to Explore &amp; Learn — Maria’s InterNations Story
       InterNations is a great place to meet like-minded people. For
       InterNations member Maria, this was one of many reasons to join —
       she also met some of her business partners at InterNations events.
       You can read Maria’s story below.
     * How I Learned to Love My Expat Identity

How I Learned to Love My Expat Identity
       “Sometimes I wish I had an easy answer, a concept of identity that
       fits neatly into a box.” For InterNations team member Crissy, the
       question of her expat identity has accompanied her for a long time.
       We asked her about her journey and how she feels about her identity
       now.
     * Learning French and How I Made It Happen

Learning French and How I Made It Happen
       In the beginning, learning French was quite a challenge for
       InterNations member Suzanne. From struggling in an intensive
       language class to making friends and finally losing her fear of
       speaking the language — find out all about her language learning
       journey!

   Adriana Rodrigues Zon

Adriana Rodrigues Zon

   "Great that I found some valuable tips from other InterNations members
   before moving to Bishkek. I would have been lost without them."
   Francois Carpentier

Francois Carpentier

   "Not knowing anyone, I had to move to Bishkek. Thanks to InterNations I
   built up a great circle of friends in no time."

Expat Guides around the World

   Moving to Moscow

Moving to Moscow

   Living in Cairo

Living in Cairo

   Moving to India

Moving to India

   Moving to Italy

Moving to Italy

   Living in Saudi Arabia

Living in Saudi Arabia

Ready to Join?

   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Join now
   About
   About InterNations Team Careers Press Sustainability Changemakers
   Advertise with us Blog
   Explore
   Communities by country Communities by city Country &amp; City Guides
   Worldwide Forum
   Essentials
   FAQ Request support Magazine Expat Insider
   Community
   Get involved InterNations Ambassador InterNations Consul Community
   Guidelines
   Follow Us
   Download Our Apps

   Made with ❤ in Munich &amp; Vilnius
   Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy
   InterNations is present in 420 cities worldwide. See all InterNations
   Communities

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MZLFXMQ&amp;gtm_auth=aCnDnd
   SoGUSSIf1adwEFqw&amp;gtm_preview=env-2&amp;gtm_cookies_win=x
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-37">
<text>
   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NW5PKS

   Skip to main content

   (BUTTON) Mobile Navigation

   Psychology Today
     * Find a Therapist
       Find a Therapist
       (Search)
       (BUTTON) Therapists
          + Therapists
          + Psychiatrists
          + Treatment Centers
          + Support Groups
       (BUTTON) x
       _________________________ (Search)
       United States Therapists : Login | Sign Up
       United States
          + Austin, TX
          + Brooklyn, NY
          + Chicago, IL
          + Denver, CO
          + Houston, TX
          + Los Angeles, CA
          + New York, NY
          + Portland, OR
          + San Diego, CA
          + San Francisco, CA
          + Seattle, WA
          + Washington, DC
          + Atlanta, GA
          + Sacramento, CA
     * Get Help
       Mental Health
          + Addiction
          + Anxiety
          + ADHD
          + Asperger's
          + Autism
          + Bipolar Disorder
          + Chronic Pain
          + Depression
          + Eating Disorders
       Personality
          + Passive Aggression
          + Personality
          + Shyness
       Personal Growth
          + Goal Setting
          + Happiness
          + Positive Psychology
          + Stopping Smoking
       Relationships
          + Low Sexual Desire
          + Relationships
          + Sex
       Family Life
          + Child Development
          + Parenting
       View Help Index
       Do I Need Help?
          + Self Tests
          + Therapy Center
            NEW
       Recently Diagnosed?
          + Diagnosis Dictionary
          + Types of Therapy
       Talk to Someone
          + Find a Therapist
          + Find a Treatment Center
          + Find a Psychiatrist
          + Find a Support Group
          + Find Teletherapy
     * Magazine
       Current
       November 2022 magazine cover
       November 2022
       Did I Really Just Say That?
       Our conversations are sprinkled with slips, pauses, lies, and clues
       to our inner world. Here’s what we reveal when we speak, whether we
       mean to or not.
       Subscribe
       Recent
       September 2022 magazine cover
       July 2022 magazine cover
       May 2022 magazine cover
       March 2022 magazine cover
       Issue Archive
     * Today

News
          + What's Considered a Turnoff?: Research Finds 69 Dealbreakers
          + How Couples Can Make Relationships Work Despite Conflict
          + AI Uses Genetics to Predict Psychiatric Disorders
          + What to Do with the Entitled Narcissists in Your Life
       Essential Reads
          +
        What If I Go to Therapy and Find Out I'm "Crazy"?
          +
        Is Sexual Dysfunction Contagious?
          +
        How to Handle a Partner Who Expects Perfection
          +
        The Difference Between Narcissism and High Self-Esteem
       Trending Topics
          + Coronavirus Disease 2019
          + Narcissism
          + Dementia
          + Bias
          + Affective Forecasting
          + Neuroscience

See All

   us
   Search
   Search
   Search _______________
   Search
   ____________________ (Search)

   Verified by Psychology Today

   Elena Bezzubova Ph.D.
   Elena Bezzubova Ph.D.
   The Search for Self

Do You Feel Like a Stranger to Yourself?

An introduction to depersonalization disorder and its symptoms.

   Posted July 21, 2011 | Reviewed by Lybi Ma
     * Share on Facebook Share
     * Share on Twitter Tweet
     * Share via Email Email

Key points

     * Some researchers consider depersonalization disorder (DPD) to be
       the third most common mental disorder after depression and anxiety.
     * The first signs of depersonalization disorder are often felt as a
       "mental break."
     * Signs of depersonalization disorder include feeling like one is an
       outsider who's not part of ordinary life.

   fizkes/Shutterstock
   Source: fizkes/Shutterstock

   I am often asked, even by colleagues in the mental health field, "What
   is Depersonalization Disorder?" For doctors and patients alike,
   Depersonalization Disorder, or DPD, is somewhat mysterious and
   difficult to define. And yet, some researchers consider it to be the
   third most common mental disorder, after depression and anxiety.
   Several research studies indicate that more than half of college
   students have experienced elements of depersonalization at one time or
   another. And many creative people, such as Poe or Sartre, have suffered
   from it. Deuce Bigelow director Harris Goldberg explored his
   experiences of depersonalization in the movie Numb.

   Depersonalization may happen when you first wake up, or while flying on
   an airplane. You may link it to acute trauma or years of chronic
   stress, or to nothing at all. Sometimes it happens after smoking
   marijuana or using "club drugs."

   The first signs are often felt as a "mental break." Suddenly,
   inexplicably, something changes—common objects and familiar situations
   seem strange or foreign, as if you've found yourself in an unfamiliar
   world. And at the same time, you feel unreal or "not yourself." You
   close your eyes and turn inward, but the very thoughts running through
   your head seem different. Patients feel as if they have no self that
   formerly enabled them to deal with the world around them, and with
   their inner world.

   The most clinically true and psychologically sharp descriptions of
   depersonalization are those given by people with DPD. In his excellent
   book, Stranger to Myself, medical journalist and DPD survivor Jeffrey
   Abugel summarizes eight symptoms a person with DPD may experience.

   Feeling panic. When a person first experiences DPD, he often feels as
   if he is going mad. Patients report feeling panic-stricken, trapped
   inside themselves, or thrown into an unfamiliar world they can't
   escape.

   Lack of emotion. People with DPD describe feeling inhuman, like a robot
   or a rock. They experience a loss of spirit, an absence of emotions,
   and no mood changes.

   Feeling detached. People with DPD feel distant from others and
   themselves. Many describe the feeling of watching themselves, as if
   from above. Once-familiar objects seem strange.

   Fixation/obsession. People with DPD repeatedly check their sanity. They
   sometimes fixate on the strangeness or foreignness of a single thought
   or object.

   Abstract ruminating. People with DPD often dwell on the ideas of
   eternity and infinity. They think over and over about the nature of
   existence or the void and the dark mysteries of life.

   Lifestyle changes. People with DPD are sometimes afraid to leave their
   houses or engage in activities that might trigger panic attacks. They
   stop traveling, talking to others, watching TV, or even going to
   doctors.

   Feeling possessed. People with DPD in some cases report feeling as if
   an evil entity has taken up residence inside their head, watching them
   and making negative comments.

   Acting "as if." People with DPD suffer from not feeling that they are
   acting, but instead they have a strange feeling of "as-if acting." They
   feel that they imitate moods and expressions as if trying to act normal
   around others. But they continue to feel like outsiders who aren't part
   of ordinary life.

   Like many psychopathological signs, depersonalization can linger for
   years, go away, and then return. Some people with depersonalization
   sometimes suffer devastating consequences in their personal and
   professional lives, while others can continue to function fairly well
   while they seek treatment.

   If you think you may have depersonalization, it is crucial to seek out
   a physician you feel attuned to, preferably one who has experience
   treating depersonalization, and in whom you have confidence. There are
   also good informational sites on the web where you can share your
   stories and get support from other DPD survivors. One of my favorites
   is an online community hosted by the aforementioned author Jeffrey
   Abugel.
     * Share on Facebook Share
     * Share on Twitter Tweet
     * Share via Email Email

   advertisement
   About the Author
   Elena Bezzubova Ph.D.

   Elena Bezzubova, Ph.D., maintains a private practice as a psychoanalyst
   in Newport Beach and teaches at the New Center for Psychoanalysis in
   Los Angeles.
   Read Next
   How Narcissists React When Things Don’t Go Their Way
   Talking to a Schizoid Personality

   advertisement
   Most Popular

   4 Signs You Have an Inner Gaslighter Mode

   Micro-Abandonments: How a Narcissist Gains Emotional Control

   6 Signs Your Self-Control Issues Come From Childhood Neglect

   New Research Identifies Two Major Causes of Loneliness

   What Happens When You Give Your Partner the Silent Treatment?

   8 Ways to Live More Fully in 2023
   advertisement
   Find a Therapist

   Get the help you need from a therapist near you–a FREE service from
   Psychology Today.
   City or Zip ____________________ (Search)
   Counselling
   Cities:
     * Atlanta, GA
     * Austin, TX
     * Baltimore, MD
     * Boston, MA
     * Brooklyn, NY
     * Charlotte, NC
     * Chicago, IL
     * Columbus, OH
     * Dallas, TX
     * Denver, CO
     * Detroit, MI
     * Houston, TX
     * Indianapolis, IN
     * Jacksonville, FL
     * Las Vegas, NV
     * Los Angeles, CA
     * Louisville, KY
     * Memphis, TN
     * Miami, FL
     * Milwaukee, WI
     * Minneapolis, MN
     * Nashville, TN
     * New York, NY
     * Oakland, CA
     * Omaha, NE
     * Philadelphia, PA
     * Phoenix, AZ
     * Pittsburgh, PA
     * Portland, OR
     * Raleigh, NC
     * Sacramento, CA
     * Saint Louis, MO
     * San Antonio, TX
     * San Diego, CA
     * San Francisco, CA
     * San Jose, CA
     * Seattle, WA
     * Tucson, AZ
     * Washington, DC

   Are you a Therapist? Get Listed Today

   Psychology Today
   Facebook
   Twitter
   Instagram

   Recent Issues
   November 2022 magazine cover
   September 2022 magazine cover
   July 2022 magazine cover
   May 2022 magazine cover
   March 2022 magazine cover
   January 2022 magazine cover
   Subscribe Today
     * About
     * Editorial Process
     * Privacy
     * Terms
     * Accessibility

   United States United States

   Psychology Today © 2023 Sussex Publishers, LLC
   Back
   Psychology Today
     * Home
     * Find a Therapist
     * Get Help
     * Magazine
     * Today

   Back

Find a Therapist

     * Get Help
     * Find a Therapist
     * Find a Treatment Center
     * Find a Psychiatrist
     * Find a Support Group
     * Find Teletherapy

     * Members
     * Login
     * Sign Up

     * United States
     * Austin, TX
     * Brooklyn, NY
     * Chicago, IL
     * Denver, CO
     * Houston, TX
     * Los Angeles, CA
     * New York, NY
     * Portland, OR
     * San Diego, CA
     * San Francisco, CA
     * Seattle, WA
     * Washington, DC

   Back

Get Help

   Mental Health
     * Addiction
     * Anxiety
     * ADHD
     * Asperger's
     * Autism
     * Bipolar Disorder
     * Chronic Pain
     * Depression
     * Eating Disorders

   Personality
     * Passive Aggression
     * Personality
     * Shyness

   Personal Growth
     * Goal Setting
     * Happiness
     * Positive Psychology
     * Stopping Smoking

   Relationships
     * Low Sexual Desire
     * Relationships
     * Sex

   Family Life
     * Child Development
     * Parenting

   View Help Index
   Do I Need Help?
     * Self Tests
     * Therapy Center
       NEW

   Recently Diagnosed?
     * Diagnosis Dictionary
     * Types of Therapy

   Talk to Someone
     * Find a Therapist
     * Find a Treatment Center
     * Find a Psychiatrist
     * Find a Support Group
     * Find Teletherapy

   Back

Magazine

   November 2022 magazine cover
   November 2022
   Did I Really Just Say That?

   Our conversations are sprinkled with slips, pauses, lies, and clues to
   our inner world. Here’s what we reveal when we speak, whether we mean
   to or not.
   Subscribe Issue Archive
   Back

Today

News

     * What's Considered a Turnoff?: Research Finds 69 Dealbreakers
     * How Couples Can Make Relationships Work Despite Conflict
     * AI Uses Genetics to Predict Psychiatric Disorders

   Essential Reads
     *
   What If I Go to Therapy and Find Out I'm "Crazy"?
     *
   Is Sexual Dysfunction Contagious?
     *
   How to Handle a Partner Who Expects Perfection
     *
   The Difference Between Narcissism and High Self-Esteem

   Trending Topics
     * Coronavirus Disease 2019
     * Narcissism
     * Dementia
     * Bias
     * Affective Forecasting
     * Neuroscience

See All
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-38">
<text>
    Skip to main content

   Writing Tips
   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
     * Home
     * Synonyms
     * Confusing Words
     * Confusing Phrases

Stranger vs Foreigner vs Alien vs Outlander vs Outsider vs Immigrant vs
Émigré

   December 11, 2020December 11, 2020 admin Synonyms

   Stranger, foreigner, alien, outlander, outsider, immigrant, émigré can
   all designate a person who comes into a community from the outside and
   is not recognized as a member of that community.

   This is the primary denotation of some of the words, but the secondary
   sense of the others, especially the last three. Stranger and foreigner
   may both apply to one who comes from another country or sometimes from
   another section as a resident or visitor.

   [INS: :INS]

   They have somewhat different implications, however, stranger stressing
   the person's unfamiliarity with the language and customs and foreigner
   the fact that he speaks a different language, follows different
   customs, or bears allegiance to another government.

   Alien emphasizes allegiance to another sovereign or government and is
   often opposed to citizen ; thus, one may be called a foreigner after
   naturalization, but not with accuracy an alien . In extended use alien
   can imply either exclusion from full privileges of or inability to
   identify oneself with a group.

   Outlander , in its general sense, is preferred to foreigner only for a
   literary or rhetorical reason or because it carries the implications
   of outlandish .

   Outsider usually implies nonmembership in a group, clique, or caste
   largely because of essential differences in origin, interests,
   backgrounds, customs, and manners.

   Immigrant and émigré are often used of foreigners who are residents and
   no longer aliens.

   Immigrant usually is applied to a foreigner who has come voluntarily,
   typically in search of a better means of earning a living or a more
   satisfying way of life; émigré implies that the foreigner is a fugitive
   or refugee from his native land or, in a weaker sense, that he has left
   his abiding place rather from dissatisfaction than from strong hope for
   a better future.

Post navigation

   Strange vs Singular vs Unique vs Peculiar vs Eccentric vs Erratic vs
   Odd vs Queer vs Quaint vs Outlandish vs Curious
   Strategy vs Tactics vs Logistics
   Search for: ____________________ (Search)

Popular Posts

   Difference between Be used to doing something and Used to do something
   December 31, 2022
   Difference between En route and On route June 17, 2019
   Difference between Enclose and Inclose June 17, 2019
   Difference between Endemic and Epidemic June 17, 2019
   Difference between Endless and Innumerable June 17, 2019
   [INS: :INS]

Recent Posts

     * Difference between Be used to doing something and Used to do
       something
     * Difference between Empirical and Imperial
     * Dignify vs Ennoble vs Honor vs Glorify
     * Difference between Empathy and Sympathy
     * Dig vs Delve vs Spade vs Grub vs Excavate
     * Difference between Be up for something and Be up to something
     * Difference between Emollient and Emolument

Links

   TBR Reading
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-39">
<text>
   #alternate alternate Mail Online Search publisher Mail Online News RSS
   feed Latest News Stories RSS feed


   MailOnline - news, sport, celebrity, science and health stories
   [USEMAP:gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==
   ]
     * Home
     * News
     * U.S.
     * Sport
     * TV&amp;Showbiz
     * Australia
     * Femail
     * Health
     * Science
     * Money
     * Travel
     * Video
     * Best Buys
     * Discounts
          + Argos
          + AO.com
          + River Island
          + Groupon
          + Debenhams
          + Wayfair
          + Very
          + eBay
          + Boohoo
          + Nike
          + Currys
          + Virgin Media
          + ASOS
          + TUI
          + My Profile
          + Logout
          + Login

     * Breaking News
     * World Cup 2022
     * Russia-Ukraine
     * Meghan Markle
     * Prince Harry
     * King Charles III
     * UK Weather
     * World News
     * Most read

     * My Profile
     * Logout

     * Login

   Privacy Policy Feedback
   [DailyMail.png]
   Monday, Jan 2nd 2023 1PM 11°C 4PM 11°C 5-Day Forecast
   Advertisement

'My heart cracked open': Kind-hearted strangers raise $133,000 for
82-year-old Walmart worker with just $50 in her bank account who had to move
around with the help of a cane

     * Carman Kelly, 82, of Arizona, has worked at the Apache Junction
       Walmart for a little over two years to help pay for her $10,000
       worth of medical bills
     * Liz Rizzo started a GoFundMe for her when they met at Walmart and
       Liz noticed the greeter was leaning on a cart with a can in the
       basket
     * When she asked if Carman needed to work, the older woman replied
       'yeah'
     * The 82-year-old explained she had been 'in the emergency room a few
       times and ran out of money'
     * She used her 'Walmart money' to pay for 'food and gas and other
       things'
     * Generous strangers have now raised more than $133,000 for Carman
       who is 'hoping' to retire

   By Alyssa Guzman For Dailymail.Com

   Published: 16:37 GMT, 30 December 2022 | Updated: 17:27 GMT, 30
   December 2022

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * e-mail
     *

   3.5k shares

   132

   View
   comments

   An 82-year-old Walmart worker, who had just $50 in her bank account and
   moves around with a cane, was gifted more than $130,000 from
   kind-hearted strangers.

   Carman Kelly, 82, of Arizona, has worked at the Apache Junction Walmart
   for a little over two years to help fund her hefty medical bills.

   'Well, I was in the emergency room a few times and I ran out of money,'
   she told News 12, laughing. 'My life has been up and down, up and down.
   They say these are the golden years, but what's golden about them?'

   'My Walmart money, it helped me pay for food and gas and other things,'
   she told Good Morning America (GMA).

   Carman's world got a lot more golden after she met Liz Rizzo, who was
   shopping at the store and noticed the Walmart greeter was leaning on a
   shopping cart with a cane in the basket.

   'When I saw her when I walked in the door, my heart just cracked open,'
   Liz told the news outlet. 'The seniors in the world need to be taken
   care of because they took care of us.'

   Scroll down for video
   Carman Kelly, 82, of Arizona, who uses a cane (pictured in the cart) to
   get around, has worked at the Apache Junction Walmart for a little over
   two years to help fund her hefty medical bills
   Carman Kelly, 82, of Arizona, who uses a cane (pictured in the cart) to
   get around, has worked at the Apache Junction Walmart for a little over
   two years to help fund her hefty medical bills

   Carman Kelly, 82, of Arizona, who uses a cane (pictured in the cart) to
   get around, has worked at the Apache Junction Walmart for a little over
   two years to help fund her hefty medical bills
   Carman said she needed to work to help pay for her emergency room and
   medical bill that total around $10,000
   Carman said she needed to work to help pay for her emergency room and
   medical bill that total around $10,000

   Carman said she needed to work to help pay for her emergency room and
   medical bill that total around $10,000
   She met Liz Rizzo (right) while on shift at Walmart. After finding out
   the 82-year-old had to work to survive, she started a GoFundMe, which
   has since raised $133,000
   She met Liz Rizzo (right) while on shift at Walmart. After finding out
   the 82-year-old had to work to survive, she started a GoFundMe, which
   has since raised $133,000

   She met Liz Rizzo (right) while on shift at Walmart. After finding out
   the 82-year-old had to work to survive, she started a GoFundMe, which
   has since raised $133,000

     @rustywarrenknockersupgal

     #walmartgofundme #walmartfundraiser #carmen
     https://gofund.me/46cedbab
     ♬ original sound - Rusty Warren

   In the TikTok, which has been viewed 15.5million times, Liz asked the
   friendly Walmart associate if she 'needed to work here.'

   Carman sadly answered: 'Yeah.' And when asked why Walmart didn't
   provide her with a chair, she told Liz: 'No need, I have this,'
   indicating to her shopping cart.

   According to several employees Liz talked to, the company's policy
   states employees cannot sit throughout their shifts.

   However, Walmart said in a statement to AZ Family that it 'honors
   reasonable accommodations' and has a 'long history of working with
   associates with disabilities.'

RELATED ARTICLES

     * Previous
     * 1
     * Next

     * [66047897-0-image-m-8_1672410206194.jpg] Wonder Woman actress Lynda
       Carter jokes SHE trained for...
       [66022891-0-image-m-43_1672332620709.jpg] Moment drunk woman
       disrupts Broadway performance of Death of...

Share this article

   Share

   Liz started a GoFundMe for Carman, setting the goal at $10,000 - the
   total amount of her medical bills - which they originally thought would
   never be met. But much to Carman and Liz's surprise, the fundraiser has
   raised more than $133,000 in two weeks.

   When she started the fundraiser for Carman, she had no idea the older
   woman had only $50 in her bank account, which she said would 'last her
   until next week.'

   Now, the $133,000 will go into a trust, according to Liz, to make sure
   the money goes directly to Carman. The 82-year-old and her family are
   also working with a financial advisor to help deal with the large sum
   of money.

     THE POWER OF PEOPLE❤️
     Liz Rizzo didn't know Carman Kelly, the 82yo Walmart greeter who
     donned a cane &amp; a smile as she walked in.
     But Liz couldn't help but wonder why was Carman still working?
     Liz made a quick TikTok. Before she knew it, she was changing
     Carman's life. @12News pic.twitter.com/2puHTYRhdH
     — Bianca Buono (@BiancaBuono) December 17, 2022

   Carman is 'hoping' to retire after receiving the money, which she is
   expected to receive before the new year, and called Liz her 'guardian
   angel'
   Carman is 'hoping' to retire after receiving the money, which she is
   expected to receive before the new year, and called Liz her 'guardian
   angel'

   Carman is 'hoping' to retire after receiving the money, which she is
   expected to receive before the new year, and called Liz her 'guardian
   angel'

   Carman is expected to receive the money before the new year.

   In an update video, Carman thanked the strangers who helped her and
   said she 'hoped' to retire after using the money to pay off her medical
   bills.

   'My life is going to change so much,' Carman told News 12. 'It is a
   miracle. I can't thank you enough,' she told Liz, who she calls her
   'guardian angel.'

   'I mean, she was a total stranger to me and it's like God sent her to
   me. And I really feel that way because she has been absolutely
   wonderful,' she told GMA.

     @rustywarrenknockersupgal

     #walmartfundraiser #walmart #walmartcarmenfundraiser
     ♬ original sound - Rusty Warren

   'This will be the golden years for me!' she told News 12 with a bright
   smile on her face.

   Carman plans on moving out of her current home and going into assisted
   living to help her when she falls after she receives the money.

   As for Liz, she's still shocked by how far her TikTok reached and is
   now encouraging others to 'be kind.'

   'My main purpose in this whole thing is to inspire others to do what
   I've done,' she told GMA. 'Just go out and help someone. You don't have
   to do a fundraiser. You can do anything.'

   Advertisement

   Read more:
     * twitter.com/Bian...
     * Fundraiser by Liz Rizzo : Carmen from Walmart Medical Bills
     * Strangers raise over $133K for 82-year-old Walmart employee who
       went viral on TikTok - ABC News
     * Apache Junction Walmart employee gets the best holiday present she
       could ask for

Share or comment on this article:

Strangers raise $133k for 82-year-old Walmart worker who had to move around
with the help of a cane

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * e-mail
     *
     * 3.5k
       shares
     * Add comment

   [btn_add-your-comment.png]
   [icon_comments_74.png]

Comments 132

   Share what you think
     * Newest
     * Oldest
     * Best rated
     * Worst rated

     View all

   The comments below have not been moderated.
     View all

   The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do
   not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.

Add your comment


   Enter your comment______________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________
   ________________________________________

   By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
   (BUTTON) Submit Comment (BUTTON) Clear
   Close

   Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your
   Facebook Timeline?

   Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.


   No
   Yes
   Close

   Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your
   Facebook Timeline?

   Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual

   We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to
   your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To
   do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook
   account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.

   You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to
   Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with
   tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.

   Bing

   (*) Site ( ) Web Enter search term: ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Search

   Advertisement

   Advertisement



DON'T MISS

     * 'I would like to get my father and brother back': Prince Harry
       insists it 'never needed to be this way' and says royals 'have
       shown no willingness to reconcile'
     * Marvel star Jeremy Renner's family keep bedside vigil after he was
       left in 'critical' condition by horror snow plow accident
     * Stacey Solomon drops a subtle hint about her unborn baby's gender
       as she prepares to welcome her fifth child with husband Joe Swash
     * 'Who IS that woman?': Ola Jordan continues to show off her 3.5stone
       weight loss in a sexy bikini and says even SHE is shocked by the
       difference
     * Happy Valley fans laud 'sensational' BBC drama while critics dub
       final series premiere 'impeccable' after seven-year-break
     * Feeling the squeeze even more post-Christmas? Here are seven ways
       to get back on top of your finances in 2023 Ad Feature
     * Advertisement
     * 'Call us a throuple!' Bikini girl Selena Gomez snuggles with new
       besties Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz... after her fall out
       with kidney donor BFF
     * Chris Kamara shares the sweet moment his grandchildren watched him
       being unmasked as Ghost on The Masked Singer
     * Prince Harry once again accuses the royals of 'planting stories'
       about him and Meghan in latest blistering attack against his family

     * 'How long is the BBC going to keep flogging this dead donkey?' Mrs
       Brown's Boys New Year's special has people switching off
     * 'Even while suffering heartache we can continue to love': Shakira
       takes a subtle swipe at ex Gerard Piqué in New Year's Day post
     * Advertisement
     * Jennifer Aniston posts uplifting highlight reel of 2022 on
       Instagram which features her close friend Adam Sandler
     * Keeley Hawes beams at husband Matthew Macfadyen in
       behind-the-scenes snaps on the set of ITV drama Stonehouse
     * A very festive royal day out! Prince and Princess of Wales are
       spotted taking Prince George and Charlotte to Lapland UK alongside
       nanny Maria
     * Pele's wife leads thousands of mourners at huge 24-hour wake for
       football legend: Thousands of fans line up to pay their respects
       inside the stadium of his home team
     * Myleene Klass shows off her sizzling figure in leopard print bikini
       as she enjoys Maldives holidays with her family
     * 'Never complain, never explain!' Strictly star Helen Skelton uses
       The Royal Family's unofficial motto as she puts Richie Myler split
       behind her
     * Sir Ian McKellen, 83 strikes up friendship with actor who plays his
       son in panto: Mother Goose star, 29, reveals he spent NYE with 'new
       love of my life'
     * 'I was so overcome with emotion': Gemma Collins breaks down in
       tears as she visits Bethlehem in 'the most breathtaking and unreal
       experience' of her life
     * 'Please say you're together': Tom Malone Jr and Saffron Barker
       spark dating rumours as pair wear matching costumes for New Year's
       party
     * Davina McCall's hairdresser beau reveals her dramatic new fringe is
       a £120 wig after the look left Masked Singer fans divided
     * Advertisement
     * Fifteen things to expect from Prince Harry's memoir 'Spare':
       Ghost-written book out next Tuesday promises 'raw, unflinching
       honesty'
     * 'Confident' Prince Harry wants to look 'regal' in trailer for
       bombshell interview - before 'dipping into vulnerable mode', body
       language expert claims
     * 'I've thought a lot about how race will impact my child': Montana
       Brown says being pregnant has made her want to address racial
       inequality issues
     * Shirtless Mark Wahlberg shows off his T-shirt tan lines and
       muscular physique as he enjoys a swim during his New Year getaway
       to Barbados
     * Jennie McAlpine is pregnant! Coronation Street star reveals she's
       expecting her third child with husband Chris Farr
     * Duke of Sussex needs to decide 'what he wants' amid reports Harry
       and William will struggle to 'reconcile after memoir', royal expert
       warns
     * Selena Gomez and Nicola Peltz get matching 'angel' tattoos as
       unexpected friendship blossoms... after her fall out with kidney
       donor BFF
     * Kendall Jenner nails winter chic in faux fur cowboy boots while
       sister Kylie dresses down in camouflage as they enjoy a New Year's
       day lunch in Aspen
     * 'Coming for 2023': Nicole Scherzinger, 44, shows off her famous
       moves as she twerks for the camera during a New Years Eve
       celebration
     * Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd sets pulses racing as she takes a
       refreshing shower by the pool at her hotel in Dubai
     *
     * Cara Delevingne poses in a sexy string dress before sharing her
       love of cannabis, boobs and first-class travel as she reflects on
       her past year
     * Britney Spears is 'selling her $12million Calabasas mansion just
       SIX MONTHS after purchasing it'
     * Bridgerton prequel FIRST LOOK: Netflix release image of Arsema
       Thomas as Young Lady Danbury in hotly-anticipated new series
     * 'My skin looks the BEST it has in years': Beauty buffs praise £30
       CBD face oil for calming down redness and banishing spots
     * 'It was tricky getting money together': Kym Marsh recalls her
       financial struggle while raising eldest children David, 27, and
       Emilie, 25, as a single mother
     * Celine Dion gets SNUBBED by Rolling Stone as she is left off its
       updated list of 200 Greatest Singers Of All Time
     * Lizzo models a selection of bottom-flashing underwear sets as she
       celebrates the new year with a new Instagram reel
     * From angry schoolboy to secretive teen: Rhys Connah, 16, reprises
       his role as Ryan in Happy Valley after first appearing aged 8 in
       season one
     * Brooklyn Beckham packs on PDA with Nicola Peltz as he shares photo
       dump from Mexico - after spending Christmas away from his family
     * Laura Anderson oozes elegance in a blue velvet gown as she and
       boyfriend Gary Lucy celebrate NYE together in Glasgow after his
       Boxing Day car crash
     * How Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire went from humble beginnings
       as a drama teacher and local theatre actress to being lauded as
       UK's 'Meryl Streep'
     * Camila Mendes shows off her figure in a bikini as she snuggles up
       to YouTuber Rudy Mancuso in Miami Beach
     * Inside Jeremy Renner's remote Lake Tahoe ranch where Hawkeye star,
       51, spends his days renovating 200-strong collection of trucks
     * REVEALED: The serum that will give you thicker and fuller lashes
       and brows in weeks - and the before and after photos speak for
       themselves
     * 'I have mixed emotions about 2023': Dame Deborah James's mother
       reflects on the 'most difficult year' following her daughter's
       death
     *
     * 'When in Antarctica, one must jump in': Victoria's Secret Angel
       Josephine Skriver flaunts her toned body in a swimsuit as she swims
       in ice water
     * 'It's hard to move forward without looking back': Kelsey Parker
       shares post about living with grief after ringing in 2023 without
       late husband Tom
     * Elton John wishes fans a Happy New Year from Hayman Island ahead of
       his final tour of Australia
     * Diddy, 53, celebrates New Year's Day with girlfriend Yung Miami,
       28, on his yacht in St. Barts after going Instagram official
     * Pregnant Chrissy Teigen displays her baby bump in a black bikini as
       she rings in 2023 on a family vacation
     * Robbie Williams reveals his eldest daughter Teddy, 10, has dyslexia
       after announcing that he suffers from the condition .
     * Love Island star Andrea 'AJ' Bunker reveals secret hospital dash
       after falling seriously ill following a holiday to Sri Lanka
     * Shirtless Ethan Hawke, 52, and bikini-clad wife Ryan Shawhughes,
       40, show off their tattooed bodies as they enjoy New Year's Day in
       St Barts
     * EastEnders Stacey Slater left stunned as doctor reveals her
       12-year-old daughter Lily is pregnant in shock New Year's Day
       storyline
     * Andrew Tate tried to recruit me to his webcam operation when I was
       sixteen, reveals Romanian politician's daughter
     *
     * Naomi Watts, 54, flaunts her fit physique in a bold bikini as she
       packs on the PDA with partner Billy Crudup at the beach in St Barts
       Looking good
     * 'He's got talent!' Artist who inspired Prince George's Christmas
       painting praises his 'eye for colour'
     * Selling Sunset star Chrishell Stause begs Gold Coast restaurant
       owners for a last minute reservation to dine with partner G Flip:
       'Please take pity on us'
     * The purr-fect couple! Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger locks eyes
       with dapper fiancé Thom Evans as they step out for New Year's Eve
     * Jermaine Pennant 'is declared bankrupt with debts of over £1m -
       months after CBB star's abandoned £3m home was taken over by a
       drugs gang
     * N-Dubz singer Tulisa shows off her incredible abs in a blue bikini
       as she poses on the edge of an infinity pool in Thailand
     * Harry and William's relationship 'hangs by a thread' insiders
       reveal with Duke of Sussex set to 'complain in tell-all memoir he
       has always played second fiddle' to his older brother
     * Hailey and Justin Bieber bundle up in padded jackets as they head
       for a New Year's Day lunch in Aspen after ringing in 2023 with pals

     * Boris Becker insists prison made him 'stronger' as he posts new
       year message from African beach just weeks after being released
       from jail
     * Kylie Jenner takes her daughter Stormi Webster snow tubing as they
       enjoy the first day of 2023 in the gorgeous woods of Aspen
     *
     * Emily Ratajkowski glows in a silver sequined dress as she ushers in
       the new year by partying on the beach with her pals Stunning
     * Davina McCall is accused of cutting her dramatic new fringe 'with a
       knife and fork' as presenter divides fans with latest look on The
       Masked Singer
     * Emma Roberts rings in 2023 by adopting a rescue Chihuahua puppy:
       'Our newest family member'
     * Madonna, 64, is every bit the cool mom as she hosts huge dance
       party for her children to ring in the New Year in Malawi: '2023,
       I'm coming for you'
     * Rita Ora turns heads in a form-fitting little black dress with
       dazzling bows as she poses backstage ahead of The Masked Singer UK
       series four
     * Brooke Shields, 57, gets leggy while frolicking in the ocean
       rocking oversized sweatshirt... and suggests fans use New Year as
       'a fresh start'
     * Oprah Winfrey and BFF Gayle King end 2022 on a high note as they
       enjoy scenic 10-mile hike 'to show gratitude for the life you live'

     * Olivia Munn and John Mulaney enjoy a stylish parents' night out as
       they party it up in New York City on New Year's Eve
     * 'May all your dreams come true': Ant McPartlin's ex-wife Lisa
       Armstrong cosies up to boyfriend James Green for a sweet selfie as
       they see in 2023
     * 'We never thought it was going to happen': EastEnders star James
       Bye and wife Victoria confirm they are expecting their fourth child
     *
     * John Travolta rings in 2023 alongside his daughter Ella Bleu in
       sweet message to fans: 'We love you and Happy New Year everyone!'
     * No awkward teenage phase here! Today's crop of young princes and
       princess are ditching frumpy formal florals for a more polished
       public image
     * Prince William secretly treated Kate to a ride in a James
       Bond-style 193mph Aston Martin DBX707 Prince William was given a
       licence to thrill
     * Sofía Vergara, 50, flaunts her sizzling figure in a Dolce &amp; Gabbana
       swimsuit as she rings in the New Year
     * Drake seen partying with Cuba Gooding Jr. in St. Barts in series of
       New Year's Day social media posts
     * Emma Stone keeps a low profile in a black blazer and matching black
       ball cap as she walks through New York City
     * Stacey Solomon shares an array of stunning wedding photos as she
       looks back at her 2022 milestones - after confirming pregnancy
     * Jessica Simpson asks her Instagram followers if she should dye her
       iconic blonde locks pink... as she has some fun with different hair
       filters
     * Anderson Cooper is every bit the doting dad on New York outing with
       sons Wyatt and Sebastian alongside Benjamin Maisani
     * Lisa Hochstein stuns in sparkly catsuit in Miami with rumored
       beau... but can't resist throwing shade at ex Lenny: 'Happy New
       Years to everyone except...'
     *
     * Real Housewives Of Potomac: Candiace Dillard Bassett confronts
       Ashley Darby after her friend accused her husband Chris of flirting

     * 'Smiles, sunsets and good company': Alex Scott sends pulses racing
       as she poses in a snakeskin bikini for stunning sun-soaked snaps
     * Vanessa Hudgens stuns in sexy sheer bodysuit as she rings in the
       New Year... and reveals goal of giving up vaping
     * Saweetie rocks a black leather biker jacket to lead celebs at the
       star-studded Chargers vs Rams football game in Los Angeles
     * Black Eyed Peas don rainbow armbands at New Year's Eve show
       broadcast on Polish state TV to show support for LGBTQ community
     * Khloe Kardashian shares cute selfie with daughter True wearing a
       crown as they ring in 2023 with sister Kim and friends at home
     * Geri Horner stuns in a yellow bikini as she cosies up to husband
       Christian before dancing into 2023 with son Monty during lavish
       family getaway
     * Chris Pratt shows off a new mustache as he poses with his wife
       Katherine Schwarzenegger while wishing fans a 'healthy' and
       'blessed' 2023
     * Yellowstone: Jamie Dutton moves to impeach his father Govern John
       Dutton... and his sister Beth smashes him in the head with a rock
     * New year, same cheeky children! Mia Tindall, 8, and sister Lena, 4,
       prove a handful for parents Zara and Mike as they cheer on horses
       at Cheltenham
     *
     * Kylie Jenner brings daughter, Stormi, 4, as her plus-one as she
       welcomes 2023 with sister Kendall, Justin Bieber and wife Hailey at
       a party in Aspen
     * Diddy, 53, goes Instagram official with Yung Miami, 28, at New
       Year's Eve yacht party... after a two-year open relationship New
       romance
     * The Masked Singer UK: 'What an absolute bloody legend': Chris
       Kamara revealed as Ghost in first elimination after apraxia of
       speech diagnosis
     * 'Our little angel is on their way': Brody Jenner reveals he's
       expecting his first child with girlfriend Tia Blanco Made the
       revelation in a joint Instagram post
     * Avatar: The Way of Water continues to dominate box office bringing
       worldwide total to $1.379 billion... while Puss in Boots: The Last
       Wish makes big money in second weekend
     * 'As it stands there's been no work done': Holly Willoughby's Freeze
       The Fear With Wim Hof faces an uncertain future as BBC bosses go
       cold
     * M3GAN producers James Wan and Jason Blum defend movie's PG-13
       rating: 'I don't put too much stock in the bellyaching'
     * Jermain Defoe and Donna Tierney's relationship timeline: From
       whirlwind romance to surprise split All you need to know
     * Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban put on a loved-up display as they
       spend New Year's Eve at Randwick Racecourse in Sydney Smitten
     * Logic kicks off the new year by announcing he and wife are
       expecting their second child together... which comes on the
       expectant mother's 26th birthday
     *
     * Paris Hilton dazzles wearing a sparkling pink dress in dump of
       photos after her surprise New Year's Eve performance with Miley
       Cyrus and Sia
     * The one lesson I've learned from life: Louise Minchin, 54,
       says it's never too late for a new start Presented BBC Breakfast
       for almost 20 years
     * BBC News presenters will be forced to fight to save their jobs in
       screen tests as up to 14 hosts could be sacked as part of a major
       rebrand  All change
     * Good Morning Britain's Laura Tobin wows in a dazzling one shoulder
       minidress as she gives fans a glimpse of her boozy New Year
       celebrations
     * Coronation Street star Elle Mulvaney lifts the lid on young cast's
       wild nights out and reveals nickname for drunken antics is 'getting
       Barlowed'
     * So just how did Kim Kardashian manage to become the ultimate 'shape
       shifter' of 2022? Inside her diet and exercise regime
     * Mark Wahlberg, 51, shows of his muscular physique and shares a kiss
       with wife Rhea Durham as they celebrate the New Year with family in
       Barbados
     * Aussie supermodel Catherine McNeil risks an Instagram ban as she
       exposes her breasts in wild topless beach photo Racy
     * Olivia Attwood wows in a tiny red crop top as she walks arm in arm
       with fiancé Bradley Dack after celebrating his birthday in
       Manchester
     * Miley Cyrus strips down to bikini in teaser for new song Flowers...
       dropping the SAME DAY as her ex Liam Hemsworth's birthday
       Revealing
     *
     * Isla Fisher, 46, wows in a tight pink swimsuit as she takes a dip
       in the sea with husband Sacha Baron Cohen, 51, during Barbados
       getaway
     * Pregnant Molly Mae Hague showcases her growing baby bump in a
       figure hugging maxi dress as she rings in the New Year with
       boyfriend Tommy Fury
     * CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sergeant Sarah is back... now watch the
       lowlife tremble! Telly's most capable copper is in no mood for
       nonsense
     * Pele will be buried overlooking Santos pitch that made him famous -
       on the ninth floor of 'vertical cemetery' in a nod to Brazil
       legend's father
     * Ola Jordan drops from a size 14 to an 8 in just four months as she
       and husband James show off stunning weight loss
     * Nina Agdal and Logan Paul go Instagram official in New Year's Eve
       post: '2022, the beginning of me and you' Happy couple
     * Cat Deeley cuts a stylish figure as she departs BBC Radio 2 in a
       black wool coat and leather boots after presenting her morning show

     * Dame Judi Dench and Sharleen Spiteri join together to sing a
       rendition of ABBA's Waterloo in impromptu New Year's Eve
       performance
     * Anastasia Karanikolaou posts jaw-dropping New Year's Eve pictures
       as she wishes Instagram a 'happy 2023' in a plunging black gown
     * 'I fell face-down onto steel and concrete!' Professor Green reveals
       he was rushed to hospital after suffering ANOTHER life-threatening
       seizure
     *
     * Lady Susan Hussey will be invited to the King's coronation after
       she apologised to a charity campaigner who accused her of 'racial
       abuse'
     * Princess Mary dons a blue sequin dress for state New Year's Eve
       dinner in Denmark -  after her beach holiday in Australia comes to
       an end
     * Will it be a happier 2023 for Denmark's royal family? They're all
       smiles as they arrive for glamorous New Year's dinner at Copenhagen
       palace amid rift
     * CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: An Iron Age fashion queen's diet... examining
       the bones of a Celtic princess on the BBC's Digging For Britain
     * Michelle Mone's husband donated more than £170,000 to Conservative
       Party before a firm linked to the couple landed government
       contract
     * Elton John, 75, dons bright red jacket as he jets into Sydney with
       his sons Zachary and Elijah after celebrating New Year's Eve in
       Queensland
     * 'It was chaotic': Stacey Dooley reveals the way she found out she
       was pregnant and how she told boyfriend Kevin
     * Love Island 2023: Maya Jama rides a bejewelled bucking bronco in a
       sparkling jumpsuit  in first trailer for new winter series
     * Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan reveals she's pregnant with her
       first child six months after marrying footballer Jacob Blyth in
       Ibiza wedding
     * Dua Lipa flashes her underwear in a sheer glitter embellished mini
       dress as she rings in the New Year with wild night in with pals
     *
     * Ex-Playboy model, 32, claims Andrew Tate 'tried to lure her to his
       Romanian hideaway' before he was arrested in rape probe
     * 'Big fat kiss goodbye to the worst year of my life': Louise
       Thompson sums up her past 12 months in New Years Eve post as she
       reflects on the 'blur' of 2022
     * Ashley Roberts shows off her incredible physique in a minuscule
       bikini as she enjoys first day of 2023 on the beach
     * Three 6 Mafia rapper Gangsta Boo has died at 43 ... cause of
       passing is not immediately clear Remembered by musical colleagues
     * Cardi B flaunts cleavage in red plunging dress while performing
       with husband Offset at New Year's Eve bash in Miami
     * Gemma Owen's exes Luca Bish and Jacques O'Neill reunite to enjoy a
       boys' night out in Manchester on NYE
     * Andrew Tate blames his arrest on 'insanity of ruling elite' and
       says the 'Matrix will not win' before bizarre tweet telling fans,
       'The answer is out there'
     * 'Two years ago': Michelle Heaton shares heartbreaking throwback
       pictures of herself in hospital after collapsing due to her battle
       with addiction
     * Heidi Klum, 49, puckers up to husband Tom Kaulitz, 33, while he
       squeezes her bottom as she shares steamy pool snap during New
       Year's Aspen trip
     * Alessandra Ambrosio turns up the heat as she puts her phenomenal
       figure on display in TWO different bikinis while ringing in the New
       Year in Mexico
     *
     * Beaming King Charles and Queen Consort greet wellwishers as they
       attend service at Sandringham - days before Harry's tell-all book
       is released
     * Amanda Holden, 51, shows off her washboard abs in a sizzling bikini
       snap after ringing in 2023 at a five star hotel in Mauritius
     * Gwyneth Paltrow, 50, poses for cheeky snap in skimpy black bikini
       as she celebrates New Year's Eve with lookalike daughter Apple, 18

     * Australian rapper Tkay Maidza leaves little to the imagination in a
       tiny skirt as she joins Diplo, Yung Lean and Dom Dolla on stage
       at Wildlands Festival
     * Luca Bish cosies up to blonde bombshell at New Year's Eve party as
       Gemma Owen's mum Louise makes cryptic dig about 'fakery' - weeks
       after stars' split
     * Emma Weymouth, Lady Amelia Spencer and Lady Eliza Manners lead the
       socialites ringing in the New Year with glitzy parties in South
       Africa
     * 'We miss you Brooklyn': David Beckham shares family snap while
       celebrating New Year's Eve - as eldest son holidays with wife
       Nicola Peltz
     * 'Happy new year daddy': Cher, 76, fuels speculation she's engaged
       to boyfriend Alexander 'A.E.' Edwards, 36, as she flashes diamond
       ring
     * 'The morning after the night before': Amanda Holden enjoys a
       sunrise beach walk in her New Year's Eve party dress after ringing
       in 2023 in Mauritius
     * Happy New Year! Beckhams celebrate with family fireworks while
       Ashley Roberts shows off her very racy party dress as they lead the
       stars ringing in 2023
     * Harry and William 'will NEVER reconcile after his book': Insider
       says tell-all 'lets King Charles off lightly but is tough on
       William - and even throws a broadside at Kate'
     * Francine Lewis shows off her impressive physique in a tiny white
       bikini as she rings in New Year in Dubai after her recent boob job

     * Larsa Pippen and Marcus Jordan bring their 'friendship' to Miami
       restaurant Papi Steak on NYE... as she's joined by her RHOM co-star
       Alexia Nepola
     * Lisa Rinna bundles up in a coat and hoodie as she and husband Harry
       Hamlin brave the rain during an outing in Los Angeles
     * Strictly's Hamza Yassin is 'quietly devastated' by Jowita
       Przystal's romance with Giovanni Pernice after 'falling for dancer'

     * Just married! NASCAR driver Bubba Wallace weds long-time love
       Amanda Carter in a romantic New Year's Eve ceremony in North
       Carolina
     * 'I had so much fun!' Paris Hilton thrills fans as she performs her
       hit song Stars Are Blind with Miley Cyrus and Sia at Miley's New
       Year's Eve Party
     * Kendall and Kylie Jenner end 2022 on the slopes of Aspen with
       friend Justin Bieber as Stormi enjoys the New Year's Eve snow
     * 'Last swim of the year': Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, flaunts her
       incredible figure in a plunging black swimsuit as she dances on
       furniture
     * 'Yes to marrying this man!' Sara Bareilles announces her engagement
       to partner of seven years Joe Tippett and shows off her unique gold
       ring
     * Who is the best Diana? Stars like Kristen Stewart and Emma Corrin
       have tried to capture the Princess on screen - with varying degrees
       of success
     * Angela Bassett's 16-year-old son apologizes after pranking the
       actress by telling her Michael B. Jordan died: 'I am truly and
       sincerely sorry'
     * Mick Jagger's ex Luciana Gimenez, 53, shows off her sensational
       figure and washboard abs in a fuchsia bikini as she cosies up to
       boyfriend
     * Rebel Wilson shares a loved-up selfie as she rings in the New Year
       with partner Ramona Agruma
     * James Norton admits he had 'weird dreams about violence' after
       playing Happy Valley's murderous psychopath Tommy Lee Royce
     * 'Starting the new year off with a pop': Reese Witherspoon's
       daughter Ava Phillippe spent NYE in hospital after 'trying to hop
       over a puddle in heels'
     * Queen Rania of Jordan shares a new portrait with her VERY
       photogenic family for New Year - as her son Crown Prince Hussein's
       wedding date is announced
     * Prince Andrew sex abuse accuser Virginia Giuffre will be freed from
       gagging clause which banned her from speaking publicly about the
       Duke
     * Emmerdale star Fiona Wade shows off her enviable figure in a
       sizzling Instagram post while wishing all her fans a happy New Year

     * From the Rovers to Beverly Hills... Britain's national treasure
       Sarah Lancashire has cracked America after a glittering 35-year
       career
     * Gwyneth Paltrow, 50, stuns in black bikini alongside her mother
       Blythe, 79, as pair soak up the sun on Barbados beach

   Advertisement

     * Follow DailyMail
     * Subscribe Daily Mail
     * Follow @dailymail
     * Follow DailyMail
     * Follow MailOnline
     * Follow Daily Mail



MORE DON'T MISS

     * Ex-England footballer Jermain Defoe 'splits from his wife' just
       months after £200,000 wedding having spent Christmas apart
     * Winter Love Island bosses 'ramp up security' at Casa Amor amid
       fears of kidnap crime gangs in South Africa
     * 'I was going to play that part': James Corden reveals he almost
       landed the lead role in The Whale starring Brendan Fraser
     * 'Hello 2023!' Perrie Edwards sends temperatures soaring in bikini
       selfies as she reflects on eventful 2022 with New Year's Day video
       montage
     * The Crown's VERY Instagrammable filming locations: The real life
       properties you can visit - from Belvoir Castle to Winchester
       Cathedral
     * Sarah Ferguson shares emotional New Year's poem to the late Queen,
       saying her 'dearest friend' is now 'free' but 'tucked in our
       hearts'
     * Robert Pattinson and longtime lady Suki Waterhouse ring in 2023
       with friends including Pom Klementieff at New York City restaurant

     * Now for MEGHAN'S Memoir! Royal Family faces fresh onslaught with
       Duchess of Sussex 'set to release her own tell-all book'
     * Dua Lipa offers virtual kiss and takes celebratory sip from a
       cocktail as she rings in 2023 all dolled up in halter neck silver
       beaded dress
     * 'The writing is on the wall': ITV's The Larkins 'set to be axed
       after losing TWO million viewers and cast disagreements on set'
     * Anita Pointer, who scored a string of hits in the 1970s and '80s
       with the sibling group the Pointer Sisters, is dead at 74
     * The Pogues' Shane MacGowan shares health update with fans in new
       video as he confirms serious condition
     * Miley Cyrus rings in the new year with godmother Dolly Parton at
       Miley's New Year's Eve Party... as Paris Hilton, Sia and David
       Byrne join the fun
     * Happy New Year's Eve! The US stars celebrate Hollywood-style as
       Courteney Cox shares a NYE kiss with beau Johnny McDaid while Khloe
       Kardashian rocks her 2023 glasses
     * Madonna takes a look back at 2022 ahead of the new year... as she
       promotes two versions of her hit song Back That Up To The Beat
     * Japan's Emperor Naruhito and Empress Masako beam in family
       portraits with their daughter Princess Aiko for the New Year
     * Kylie and Kendall Jenner celebrate New Year's Eve with friends
       Hailey Bieber and Stassie Karanikolaou during intimate dinner in
       Aspen
     * Kylie Minogue is pretty in pearlescent pink as she rings in the New
       Year with an electrifying performance at The Palm in Dubai
     * Jeremiah Green, founding drummer of the indie rock band Modest
       Mouse, is dead at 45 after cancer battle
     * James Bond executives 'eye up Lucien Laviscount as the next 007'
       after winning plaudits and fans for his Emily in Paris role
     * Demi Moore gets into the New Year's Eve spirit as she dances around
       with her pup: 'Twirling my way into 2023!'
     * Rumer Willis shares message to her younger self as she celebrates
       pregnancy and six years of sobriety on New Year's Eve
     * Dick Clark's Primetime New Year's Rockin' Eve: Halle Bailey rocks
       out with Dove Cameron at Disneyland while Ryan Seacrest hosts in
       Times Square
     * Selling Sunset's Jason Oppenheim, 45, and girlfriend Marie-Lou
       Nurk, 25, put on a loved-up display as they step out in Sydney's
       Double Bay
     * Chris Pratt and Katherine Schwarzenegger enjoy a mountain ski trip:
       'Find you a woman that can ski like a bada**'
     * Stacey Solomon opens up on 'nesting' before birth of her fifth
       child and shares snap of her baby bump as she rings in the New Year
       with Joe Swash
     * Romeo Beckham puts on a loved-up display with girlfriend Mia Regan
       as they spend New Year's Eve together... after rekindling romance
     * You are single-handedly repopulating the earth!' Andy Cohen grills
       Nick Cannon on his 12 KIDS live on air
     * Kyle Richards dons a stylish black leather coat as she enjoys a
       shopping trip in Aspen with Faye Resnick
     * Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, rings in the New Year with pals Tobey
       Maguire and Drake on a yacht in St. Barts Enjoyed the day with
       friends
     * Karrueche Tran bares her oiled chest in a skimpy black bikini while
       soaking up the sun in Miami Beach
     * EMILY PRESCOTT: Bond girl Eva Green's expletive-laden rants
       revealed as film bust-up heads to court after collapse of British
       sci-fi flick A Patriot
     * Bethenny Frankel reveals that she doesn't 'support' all women in a
       new video... after throwing shade at Kim Kardashian over recent
       Gwyneth interview
     * Joy Behar pays tribute to Barbara Walters after she passes away at
       age 93: 'She had a work ethic you couldn't deny'
     * Robert De Niro's serial burglar, 30, claims cops have no right to
       charge her because 'I didn't take any of his stuff' - as actor's
       megafan asks for chance to apologize
     * 'Thank you for sticking with me': Christine McGuinness shares
       snapshots of 2022 and of pal Chelcee Grimes... as Paddy posts about
       'ups and downs' of year
     * Coronation Street's Saira Choudhry announces she's engaged to
       partner after romantic proposal at Edinburgh Castle 23 years on
       from meeting
     * Experts play down Coronation crisis fears after royal author
       Anthony Holden suggested King Charles's ceremony could be
       invalidated
     * Bernie Ecclestone, 92, and his wife Fabiana Flosi watch on
       nervously as their son, two, takes on his first ski lesson at
       luxury Swiss ski resort
     * Coleen Rooney looks glamorous as she shares sweet family snaps
       while celebrating New Year's Eve with her husband Wayne and their
       four sons
     * Liam Payne showers girlfriend Kate Cassidy with champagne for New
       Year's after hitting back at troll who said she's only with him for
       his fortune
     * 'New Year's Eve mood!' Victoria Beckham shares clip from Spice
       World as she, Holly Willoughby and Myleene Klass lead stars
       preparing to ring in 2023
     * X Factor's Myles Stephenson announces he's become a dad for the
       second time as he shares first snap of his baby girl Sahara
     * Kris Jenner shares family snaps recapping 2022 including
       behind-the-scenes shots of daughter Kourtney's wedding
     * 'We are so lucky he is still here with us': Saffron Barker reveals
       her brother Casey was rushed to hospital after suffering major
       heart attack
     * Leigh-Anne Pinnock puts on a cosy display as she cuddles up to
       her fiancé Andre Gray while watching fireworks on New Year's Eve
     * EMILY PRESCOTT: Charles is the King of Colour as his first painting
       since becoming monarch goes on sale
     * Third season of Netflix hit Bridgerton is plunged into chaos as
       show bosses 'axe "very dark" storyline after concerns were raised
       over a sex plotline'
     * Kylie Jenner shows off her smooth complexion in a stylish selfie
       video as she enjoys a snowy getaway to Aspen to celebrate New
       Year's
     * Emma Roberts holds hands with beau Cody John and enjoys stroll with
       son Rhodes, two, in retrospective album posted on New Year's Eve
     * EMILY PRESCOTT: A fowl start for Jack Whitehall and Roxy Horner, as
       he reveals their first date was to restaurant decorated with dead
       ducks
     * Pictured: Model girlfriend, 28, and ex police worker, 32 - dubbed
       'Tate's Angels' - who were arrested with influencer Andrew Tate
     * How the late Dame Vivienne Westwood penned a powerful message on
       the designer wedding dress of wife of Wikileaks founder Julian
       Assange
     * Kaia Gerber shows off her model physique in thong bikini as she
       frolics on the beach with beau Austin Butler during family getaway
       in Mexico
     * Hailey Bieber rocks chic all-black look in Aspen while Justin goes
       snowboarding in powder blue snowsuit
     * EMILY PRESCOTT: Mick Jones's Clash with kids of the famous as he
       makes guest appearance at Notting Hill panto
     * Victorious star Daniella Monet marries longtime love Andrew Gardner
       as they share a passionate kiss to mark the occasion
     * Ireland Baldwin is pregnant! Alec Baldwin's daughter shares she is
       expecting her first child with boyfriend RAC in sweet sonogram snap

     * Pregnant Molly-Mae Hague showcases her baby bump in a bodycon dress
       as she and boyfriend Tommy Fury lead Love Island stars celebrating
       NYE
     * 'I feel like s*** and I wanna cry': Kerry Katona gives health
       update after being struck down with 'nasty' virus that has 'ruined
       her Christmas'
     * Alan Shearer nets a handsome Christmas bonus as he tops up his
       £455,000 BBC salary with lucrative Amazon Prime gig
     * What can Meghan Markle learn from the redemption of Yoko Ono, asks
       RAY CONNOLLY, the biographer of Beatles legend John Lennon
     * Amanda Holden dons quirky 2023 glasses as she joins her lookalike
       daughters to ring in the New Year at a luxurious five star hotel in
       Mauritius
     * Love Island's Ekin-Su Culculoglu puts on a busty display in a
       figure-hugging dress as she packs on the PDA with Davide
       Sanclimenti for NYE night out
     * Georgia Harrison shares glam snaps as she reflects on
       'rollercoaster' year... after her ex Stephen Bear was found guilty
       of posting sex tape of her
     * Sam Smith wears revealing denim short shorts on Sydney's Oxford
       Street as they prepare to party Down Under for New Year's Eve
     * 'I scrub up every now and again!' Carol Vorderman, 62, shows off
       her famous curves as she reflects on her most glamorous outfits of
       2022
     * Hailey Bieber shows off her 'favorite' 2022 moments including a
       glammed up Paris Fashion Week ensemble and a cold dip in a bikini
     * Nicole Williams English showcases her bare baby bump for a romantic
       date night with husband Larry English at Crustacean in Beverly
       Hills
     * Matilda fans are left bewildered as musical sneaks in junk food
       product placements for major brands including Irn Bru, Walkers and
       Cadbury's
     * 'It is difficult being Pele': In his final interview at the start
       of last summer, for a new book on his life, the legend revealed a
       poignant side
     * Teresa Giudice, 50, sizzles in a plunging black swimsuit as she
       hits the beach with husband Luis Ruelas in Mexico
     * Love Island's Millie Court stuns in sheer white dress while best
       pal Chloe Burrows dons a figure-hugging red latex outfit for New
       Year's Eve in Dubai
     * Sugababes fans go wild as original trio join Westlife in taking to
       the stage at The National Lottery's Big Bash... as glamorous Alesha
       Dixon co-hosts
     * Ashley Roberts narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction as she poses
       in a backless sheer dress for New Year's Eve Celebrations
     * Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban make a surprise visit to Randwick
       Racecourse as they spend New Year Eve in Sydney
     * 'They have no idea how to deal with him!': Saturday Kitchen fans in
       hysterics as Tom Allen retches and makes jokes during chaotic show

     * Amelia Hamlin bundles up in an oversized jacket and sneakers during
       morning snack run in Bel Air
     * Miley Cyrus' older sister Brandi shows off her frame in a black
       bikini as she enjoys a beach day in Miami ahead of the singer's New
       Year's Eve Special
     * 'I lived through something I shouldn't have': Yazmin Oukhellou
       recounts devastating 2022 that saw her escape horrific car crash
       which killed boyfriend Jake McLean
     * 'Kissing goodbye all the bad vibes!' Abbie Quinnen bids farewell to
       2022 with a sultry snap after splitting from her boyfriend AJ
       Pritchard
     * Jenny Powell, 54, shows off her toned stomach and long legs in
       black leather miniskirt as she takes part in viral TikTok makeover
       trend
     * Mrs Hinch celebrates New Year's Eve as she shares hilarious video
       of herself getting dragged to the ground by A COW from 2022
     * Foo Fighters promise fans they will continue performing after the
       tragic death of Taylor Hawkins: 'We're going to be a different band
       going forward'
     * 'This is the energy that I am taking into 2023!' Ioan Gruffudd's
       girlfriend Bianca Wallace turns heads in a VERY racy cut-out black
       bikini
     * Coleen Nolan explains why Loose Women failed to congratulate
       co-star Stacey Solomon on her pregnancy on the ITV show
     * 'I just looked like I'd had a big lunch every now and again!'
       Stacey Solomon reveals she didn't know she was pregnant for MONTHS

     * 'It's been a pretty magical year': Pregnant Molly-Mae Hague cradles
       her baby bump as she reflects on 2022 - just four weeks before her
       due date
     * 'You wait 36 years for a number one and then they come like
       buses!' Wham! star Andrew Ridgeley expresses delight as Last
       Christmas finishes 2022 at top of charts
     * Paul McCartney honors wife Nancy's cousin Barbara Walters in a
       sweet tribute: 'We will miss her but always remember her with great
       fondness'
     * 'Bro delete this': Tristan Thompson gets roasted on Instagram for
       his workout form after sharing a shirtless gym video of his bicep
       curls
     * Mark Wahlberg, 51, showcases musclebound torso as he surfaces
       dripping wet from the ocean during family trip to Barbados
     * King Charles leads tributes from across the world to 'God's
       Rottweiler' Pope Benedict XVI: Monarch expresses 'deep sadness' at
       the death of ex-pontiff aged 95
     * Celebrity deaths: From the Queen to Dame Vivienne Westwood and
       Robbie Coltrane - the people we said goodbye to in 2022
     * 'Thanks for the memories': Maura Higgins shares array of glam red
       carpet outfits and racy bikini shots as looks back on 2022
       milestones
     * Meghan Markle tops poll of celebrities people are sick of the sight
       of - with her husband Prince Harry coming second, Oprah third
     * N-Dubz star Tulisa looks radiant posing poolside in a turquoise
       bikini during Thailand trip as she wishes her followers a Happy New
       Year
     * 'People like you are saving lives!' Gogglebox star Tom Malone
       hailed as a 'legend' as wife Julie shares snap of him giving blood
       platelets
     * Maisie Williams dons a bright red cardigan and puffs on a cigarette
       as she goes shopping with friends in LA
     * 'I am on my way UP!' Katie Price slams Channel 5 for airing
       documentary about her 'rise and fall'... after turbulent year where
       she narrowly-avoided jail for drink-driving
     * Emily Ratajkowski shares a VERY cheeky video of her incredible
       'apple bottom' in a thong bikini as she enjoys a sunny day on the
       beach
     * Miley Cyrus looks a dead ringer for her busty godmother Dolly
       Parton as dynamic duo head to rehearsal for New Year's Eve special
       in Miami
     * 'I know I'll get trolled but it's not for me': Pregnant Amy Childs
       reveals she won't be breastfeeding her twins after struggling with
       daughter Polly
     * 'I know what a great mom I am': Jessie James Decker pushes back
       after she was mom-shamed over photo of her kids' abs
     * 'From the ballroom to the beach': Fleur East reunites with her
       Strictly pal Molly Rainford as they pose for bikini snaps during a
       getaway to Barbados
     * 'We fully respect his decision': Simply Red announce keyboardist
       Dave Clayton has left the band after 20 years as he 'no longer
       wishes to tour'
     * Travellers set up camp next to ITV's Emmerdale studio in Leeds with
       seven caravans moving onto council run car park
     * 'It's something we discuss': Mel C says it's her 'ultimate dream'
       to perform with Victoria Beckham again as Posh shares a Spice Girls
       throwback
     * Michael B Jordan is mobbed by fans as he arrives to watch
       Bournemouth play at home for the first time since taking over as
       co-owner
     * Phil Collins' ex-wife Orianne Cevey, 49, shares bitter NYE post
       claiming COVID drove her to marry escort, 34, as she slams 'the
       venom of my enemies'
     * Lily Allen shows off her bikini body as she frolics in the waters
       of St Barts before kissing husband David Harbour
     * Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in a pair of skintight
       leggings as she enjoys a coffee run in Cheshire ahead of New Year's
       Eve
     * Inside Romanian jail where Andrew Tate will spend the next 30 days
       amid trafficking and rape probe: Influencer 'will be locked in tiny
       cell for 23-hours-a-day'
     * 'People assume this year has been awful': Adam Peaty's ex Eirianedd
       Munro shares snaps with baby son as she reflects on 'happy and
       blessed' 2022
     * 'He's had such a tough year': Ben Shephard says he's 'unbelievably
       proud' of pal Chris Kamara after he was awarded an MBE in the New
       Year's Honours list
     * Chloe Goodman puts on a leggy display in a flirty spotted mini
       dress and racy thigh-high boots as she enjoys a night out in Essex

     * 'It's rare I've been allowed to tile something!': Amanda Holden
       hopes husband Chris Hughes will let her 'get stuck into' renovating
       their home
     * 'Let's do this': Mike Tindall urges fans to raise money for MND
       awareness in honour of Scottish rugby star Doddie Weir who died
       from the disease
     * 'In my birthday (swim)suit!' Holly Ramsay showcases her incredible
       figure in a skimpy pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps during
       getaway
     * 'I've got to let loose a little bit!' Kim Kardashian reveals she's
       started drinking coffee and alcohol again at 42 - after swearing
       off the vice
     * Olivia Wilde beams as she hits the shops in Paris in a casually
       chic ensemble during New Year break - after 'difficult' split from
       Harry Styles
     * From the shock deaths of The Queen and Shane Warne to Grace Tame's
       infamous side-eye: See the Incredible photos that defined 2022
     * Pregnant Montana Brown shows off her blossoming baby bump in a
       green bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with beau Mark
       O'Connor
     * Kylie Jenner wraps up in a £5,200 leather maroon sheepskin coat as
       she departs dinner in Aspen after jetting to the ski resort to
       celebrate the New Year
     * Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid is set for shocking exit
       after his latest plan to try and murder Teddy Thompkins is
       scuppered
     * Megan Fox says she is 'currently seeking a girlfriend' as she
       shares a number of VERY busty selfies in plunging purple halter top

     * Lori Loughlin beams as she goes shopping at Louis Vuitton while on
       holiday in Aspen with her husband Mossimo Giannulli - two years
       after prison stint
     * The Apprentice star Claude Littner reveals he almost ditched Lord
       Sugar and took a spot on rival show Dragons' Den - but the role was
       offered to someone else
     * Oprah Winfrey praises 'powerful and gracious role model' Barbara
       Walters while Disney CEO Bob Iger celebrates the 'true legend's'
       career as they lead tributes
     * Brooklyn Beckham admits he worried wife Nicola Peltz might not
       'want to' walk down the aisle at wedding - and speaks of
       Thanksgiving with Selena Gomez
     * Una Healy shows off her incredible figure in a skimpy black
       two-piece as she enjoys a dip in the pool during lavish Morocco
       getaway
     * 'She was over the moon!' Tom Hardy delights young fan, 13, as he
       poses for a sweet photo with her after being spotted in a Teeside
       toy store
     * 'Till 2023 Angels': Charli XCX flashes a hint of her washboard abs
       in a racy cut-out dress as she shares her VERY cheeky New Year's
       resolutions
     * Barbara Walters' most memorable interviews: The late journalist
       brought Oprah Winfrey to tears but clashed with Brooke Shields and
       Ricky Martin
     * Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is the epitome of elegance as she wows in
       curve-clinging YSL number that she declares is 'THE dress of 2022'

     * T.J. Holmes and Amy Robach match in black as they return to NYC
       following a PDA-packed getaway... after he filed for divorce from
       his wife of 12 years
     * Jacqueline Jossa is 'set for a return to EastEnders' after enjoying
       playing her role as Lauren Branning for a brief comeback at Dot
       Cotton's funeral
     * Barbara Walters' biggest moments: Journalist's most-watched
       interview was with Monica Lewinsky, she also sat-down with Fidel
       Castro
     * Britney Spears' husband Sam Asghari shoots down rumours that he
       'controls' his wife or her social media: 'I don't control what we
       have for dinner'
     * Beckhams net £8m windfall but Victoria's fashion range is still in
       the red
     * 1000-lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton, 36, shows off drastic weight
       loss transformation as she continues treatment at food rehab
       center
     * 'Next month we will be getting ready to say hello': Stacey Solomon
       hints at due date for her fifth child as she reveals she is EIGHT
       MONTHS pregnant
     * Why an over-sized suit is the new royal must-have! Princess of
       Wales and Meghan Markle are ditching slim fit  for the trendy
       silhouette which 'keeps them relevant', expert reveals
     * Barbara Walters' co-hosts from The View - including Rosie
       O'Donnell, Jenny McCarthy and many more - pay tribute after her
       death at age 93
     * 'I don't think you have the filing capacity': Machine Gun Kelly
       jumps into the mix and teases fiancée Megan Fox over her 'seeking a
       girlfriend' post
     * EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Pippa Middleton looks to make a splash with huge
       outdoor swimming pool and tennis court at £15million Berkshire
       country home
     * Cliff Richard pays touching tribute to the friend and former
       manager he lived with for 30 years after he passed away in hospital
       following ill health
     * Australian gossip columnist who threatened to 'out' Rebel Wilson as
       gay addresses controversy AGAIN: 'I apologised for being churlish'

     * Rachel Riley receives MBE in New Year's Honours List for efforts to
       combat antisemitism while Stephen Graham is recognised for services
       to drama
     * How Camilla danced unnoticed at Abba gig and who is favoured to be
       Duke of Edinburgh, REBECCA ENGLISH on King Charles's first 100 days

     * King Charles to honour Queen: Rock legend Brian May is knighted 20
       years after rocking on the roof of Buckingham Palace
     * Barbara Walters dies aged 93: Media icon 'passed away peacefully
       surrounded by loved ones' after becoming the first female network
       news anchor
     * Lottie Moss looks sensational as she strips totally naked for
       sizzling poolside shoot after 'earning more than £1m in a year from
       Only Fans'
     * 'It's all about money!' Bill Cosby's publicist rips sexual assault
       accuser for being 'unwilling to accept the comedian was vindicated'
       in court
     * Courtney Love DOUBLES DOWN on claims that Brad Pitt had her fired
       from Fight Club after she turned down his idea to play Kurt Cobain
       in a biopic
     * Groundbreaking and glamorous: How Barbara Walters overcame a
       tumultuous childhood to become one of TV's most successful
       interviewers
     * Kyle Richards bundles up for winter wonderland in orange jacket and
       skinny jeans while out and about with friends in Aspen
     * Coolio gets 'precious' headstone three months after his sudden
       death at age 59 as girlfriend Mimi says it was 'worth every penny'

     * DAME JOAN COLLINS: I don't look this good without being vain... and
       trolls who attack me for it are just jealous!
     * 'It's devastating': Warwick Davis speaks out on the heartbreaking
       impact the loss of his firstborn baby had on him and his wife
       Samantha
     * Doja Cat receives 'death threat' from a fan, prompting criminal
       investigation by LA County Sheriff's Department
     * Keenan Cahill dies age 27: The beloved Youtube sensation who worked
       with Jennifer Aniston and Katy Perry recently underwent open-heart
       surgery
     * Teresa Giudice's new husband Luis Ruelas responds to claims he
       gifted daughters FAKE Cartier bracelets: 'People's focus should be
       elsewhere'
     * 'She can't walk very far': Jonathan Ross reveals his rarely seen
       daughter Betty, 30, is confined to an electric wheelchair amid
       battle with fibromyalgia

     * Today's headlines
     * Most Read

     * 'I would like to get my father and brother back': Prince Harry
       insists it 'never needed to be this way' and...
     * Three people and a dog die in blaze at Scottish hotel: Terrified
       guests are evacuated as 999 crews race to...
     * NEW Covid variant XBB.1.5 that is already behind one in 25 cases in
       the UK is a 'wakeup call' and could...
     * President Xi finally admits the mistakes of China's disastrous Zero
       Covid policy as huge exit wave of...
     * EXCLUSIVE Fresh heartbreak for Gary Speed's widow Louise after her
       property developer husband, 53, loses his...
     * Ex-Arsenal player Jermaine Pennant 'is declared bankrupt with debts
       of over £1million' - just months after...
     * Chris Kamara shares the sweet moment his grandchildren watched him
       being unmasked as Ghost on The Masked...
     * 'It was difficult for my wife... she married what she thought was a
       straight guy': How Britain's 'first...
     * Britain's speeding capitals revealed: Police forces that have
       slapped motorists with the most fines for...
     * New Year, new you? From Penélope Cruz's loved Mediterranean diet to
       the life-extending FRUIT-heavy regime...
     * Marvel star Jeremy Renner is in 'critical' condition after
       'weather-related accident' while plowing snow...
     * Inside Jeremy Renner's remote Lake Tahoe ranch where Hawkeye star,
       51, spends his days renovating 200-strong...
     * The football stadiums of the future? Architect uses AI to predict
       what London's arenas could look like -...
     * The great rush to go private: Huge surge in patients avoiding NHS
       in bid to bypass lengthy queues as GPs say...
     * A&amp;E crisis is killing 500 patients EVERY WEEK: Health chiefs warn
       of 'worst winter on record' as twindemic...
     * Keep unwell children at home! Parents urged not to let youngsters
       with a high temperature go to school amid...
     * Putin's 'war heroes' are ACTORS: 'Soldiers' who flanked Russian
       president in New Year message have...
     * As the world struggles with war in Ukraine, inflation, recession
       and Covid in China... Where are the best...
     * Rape as a weapon of war: From Bosnia and Rwanda to the atrocities
       of Nanjing - how women and girls have...
     * Ukraine killed 'hundreds of Russian troops' in HIMARS attack on
       barracks during Putin's New Year address in...
     * Cabinet split over bailout for British Steel: Michael Gove and
       Grant Shapps 'warn Jeremy Hunt blast furnaces...
     * More than 17,000 shops shut in 2022 in worst year for retail in
       five years: Nearly 50 stores closed every...
     * Flight attendant spills her secrets from the sky - including the
       reason why cabin crew LOVE turbulence
     * Makeup artist reveals beauty mistakes that automatically make you
       look OLDER - and shares tips for how to...
     * Fifteen things to expect from Prince Harry's memoir 'Spare':
       Ghost-written book out next Tuesday promises...
     * 'Confident' Prince Harry wants to look 'regal' in trailer for
       bombshell interview - before 'dipping into...
     * Prince Harry once again accuses the royals of 'planting stories'
       about him and Meghan in latest blistering...
     * Duke of Sussex needs to decide 'what he wants' amid reports Harry
       and William will struggle to 'reconcile...
     * 'He's got talent!' Artist who inspired Prince George's Christmas
       painting praises his 'eye for colour'
     * Pele's wife leads thousands of mourners at huge 24-hour wake for
       football legend: Thousands of fans line up...
     * Drivers warned of ICE risk on roads: Met Office issues yellow
       warning on frosty Bank Holiday Monday with...
     * Good luck getting to the office! Millions face FIVE DAYS of rail
       strike chaos as they return to work with...
     * Andrew Tate tried to recruit me to his webcam operation when I was
       16, reveals Romanian politician's...
     * Idaho murders suspect was studying forensics, DNA and other
       evidence prosecutors use to secure convictions...
     * Wallets and purses could be on the way out as 1 in 5 Britons say
       they do not expect to carry one in the next...
     * Are these Britain's dirtiest takeaways? Cockroaches, mould and dead
       mice are seen in vile pictures from...
     * Tragedy of the boy who survived migrant disaster in the Channel:
       12-year-old plucked from sinking vessel had...
     * 'How long is the BBC going to keep flogging this dead donkey?' Mrs
       Brown's Boys New Year's special has...
     * Stunning global picture of Earth taken by a NASA satellite reveals
       bright blue water in the Caribbean Sea...
     * Nightclub stabbing suspects charged with Boxing Day murder of
       footballer Cody Fisher, 23, deny affray and...
     * Chilling moment loved ones wave off Sea World joy flight before
       four are killed and three left fighting for...
     * Sea World chief pilot is revealed to be among the four tragically
       killed in horror twin chopper crash - as...
     * Ad Feature What is hypermiling and how can it save motorists money?
       With high fuel prices putting a squeeze on...
     * Demands for House of Commons to be brought back from recess THIS
       WEEK to debate strikes crisis as Rishi...
     * Rishi Sunak under fire after he 'quietly ditches' Liz Truss's plans
       for childcare revolution with more free...
     * Thousands line up to pay their respects to Pope Benedict XVI at St
       Peter's Basilica - where he will lie in...
     * Boris Becker insists prison made him 'stronger' as he posts new
       year message from African beach just weeks...
     * Keir Starmer 'plots New Year reshuffle' replacing failing shadow
       ministers with former New Labour ministers...
     * Ad Feature Protect yourself this winter: With experts warning
       Britain faces a 'twindemic' of Covid-19 and flu this...
     * Ad Feature Gut happiness: Could 'friendly bacteria' be the key to a
       healthier and happier you in 2023?

     * MORE HEADLINES

     * MOST READ IN DETAIL

   Advertisement

   MailOnline iPad app

   NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
   Share

     * Back to top

     * Home
     * News
     * U.S.
     * Sport
     * TV&amp;Showbiz
     * Australia
     * Femail
     * Health
     * Science
     * Money
     * Travel
     * Video
     * Best Buys
     * Discounts

   Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS
   Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
   Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money
   Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location

   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

   Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday &amp; Metro Media Group
   dmg media Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us
   Contributors Terms Do not sell or share my personal information About
   MailOnline Privacy policy &amp; cookies Cookie regulation logo

   Advertisement

   Advertisement
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-4">
<text>
   Skip to content

   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) ×
   North Shore News
     * Shop
     * Support Us

   Sign in or register for your free account
     * Your Profile
     * Your Subscriptions
     *
     * Support Local News
     * Payment History
     *
     * (BUTTON) Sign Out

   Registered Users
   Already have an account?

   Sign In
   New Users
   Create a free account.

   Register
     * Support Local News
     * Sign up for Daily Headlines
     * Sign up for Notifications
     * Contact Us

     * Home
     * News
          + Local News
          + COVID-19
          + In the Community
          + BC News
          + National News
          + Indigenous News
          + World News
          + Real Estate News
          + Local Business
          + Bizwire
          + National Business
          + Local Sports
          + National Sports
          + Digital Edition
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Send us a letter
     * Arts &amp; Life
          + Endorsed
          + Local Arts
          + Living
          + Driving
          + Automotive
          + Consumer Technology
          + Food
          + Health
          + The Mix
          + Photos and Videos
          + Events Calendar
     * Features
          + Contests
          + North Shore Rescue
          + Crossword
          + Weather
          + Gas Prices
          + Open House
          + StandOut
          + GuidedBy
          + Special Print Features
     * Classifieds
          + View Classified Ads
          + Place a Classified Ad
     * Obituaries
          + View Obituaries
          + Place an Obituary
     * Readers Choice
     * Connect
          + Contact Us
          + Daily Headlines Email
          + Support Local News

   (BUTTON)

   Search Type

   (*) Site

   Search ____________________ (BUTTON)

    1. Home
    2. Local News

Woman sentenced to time served for stranger attack on 97-year-old veteran

   The 53-year-old woman randomly punched a senior in West Vancouver and
   threw hot coffee at a library staffer
   Jane Seyd
   Jane Seyd
   Oct 14, 2022 4:56 PM
     * Share on Facebook
     * Share on Twitter
     * Share on LinkedIn
     * Forward by Email
     * (BUTTON)
       Print
     * Share via Text Message

   west-van-seawalk A woman was sentenced to time served for an assault on
   a 97-year-old veteran in West Vancouver.North Shore News
   Listen to this article
   00:05:07

   A woman who randomly punched a 97-year-old war veteran near West
   Vancouver's Centennial Seawalk, breaking the man’s glasses and causing
   cuts to his face, will be released from jail after spending over four
   months in custody.

   Saima Qamar, 53, was sentenced to time already served on Friday (Oct.
   14) after being found guilty by Judge Diana Dorey of assaulting the
   elderly man in a stranger attack near the Seawalk on May 23.

   Dorey said she was releasing Qamar because she had already served more
   than the 90-day jail sentence she would normally have imposed in the
   case.

   In doing so, however, the judge expressed concerns that Qamar is likely
   suffering from mental illness and still poses a risk to reoffend given
   her refusal to take part in a psychiatric evaluation.

Unprovoked stranger attack

   Crown counsel Mark Slay described the attack as an unprovoked and
   “brutal assault” on then-97-year-old Joseph McCaig, as he was returning
   from grocery shopping on his electric scooter along Bellevue Avenue.

   In court Thursday, McCaig, now 98, told the judge, as he approached the
   busy intersection of Bellevue and 17th Street he saw a woman sitting in
   a chair, “calling out things I didn’t understand.”

   He was partway across the crosswalk when “I was struck by a blow of
   some kind,” said McCaig. “My glasses were knocked to the ground.”

   McCaig said he saw a woman he identified as Qamar nearby, holding
   something in her hand. Bystanders rushed over to help him.

   Police arrived soon after and found McCaig bleeding from his head.

   Officers who testifed in court said they found Qamar nearby, speaking
   in “incoherent sentences,” said the judge. They arrested her and took
   her back to cells, where she remained “argumentative and difficult.”

   In a victim impact statement, McCaig said he was unable to take part in
   his usual activities for several months after the attack because he
   didn’t have a good pair of glasses. Veterans Affairs wouldn’t cover the
   cost of a new pair, he said, and he had to pay for an eye exam and an
   inferior pair of glasses at a cost of over $455.

   It’s the second stranger attack Qamar has been convicted of in West
   Vancouver.

Accused threw hot coffee at library staffer

   Earlier this month, on Oct. 4, she was also found guilty of assaulting
   a staff member at the West Vancouver Memorial Library by throwing a hot
   cup of coffee on the woman on Dec. 5, 2019.

   In that case, a young woman was studying with friends at the library
   when Qamar – who she didn’t know - began to verbally harass her, making
   comments about her clothing, including, “How did your family let you
   out like that? This is not a swimming pool. Have you forgotten to put
   on clothes?”

   The woman told Qamar, “This is a free country and I can dress however I
   want,” she testified. She then left the area of the coffee shop.

   A library staff member approached Qamar, telling her, “She needed to be
   respectful.”

   “That’s when she threw the coffee at me,” the staffer testified in
   court. The hot coffee left her with first-degree burns, she said.

   Judge Susan Sangha said a jail sentence of 14 days would have been
   appropriate in that case but sentenced her to time served and 12
   months’ probation, with terms to take counselling as directed by her
   probation office. Qamar was also ordered to stay away from the West
   Vancouver library and the 1700 block of Marine Drive and Bellevue
   Avenue in West Vancouver.

Undiagnosed mental health issues

   Throughout both court hearings, both the prosecutor and judges
   struggled with how to deal with what they described as Qamar’s apparent
   but undiagnosed mental health problems.

   Qamar refused assistance from a lawyer, refused to testify and refused
   to provide any background information about herself.

   She often talked and laughed to herself in the prisoner’s dock, causing
   Dorey to warn her several times about her “unacceptable” behaviour in
   court.

   The prosecutor told the judge Qamar had refused to take part in
   psychiatric evaluations on five separate occasions while in custody.

   Slay told the judge he had spoken with Qamar’s sister in the U.S., a
   medical doctor, who was very concerned and said Qamar had been
   exhibiting signs of undiagnosed schizophrenia for about 10 years. Qamar
   is well-educated and trained as an orthodontist in New York, Slay told
   the court. The sister said in the past she had cared for Qamar in the
   U.S., but Qamar’s behaviour in public resulted in her being deported
   back to Canada, he said.

   A doctor at the forensic psychiatric hospital where Qamar spent some of
   her time in custody said Qamar was not exhibiting signs of psychosis at
   that time, although he added she may have been “between episodes,” said
   Slay.

   The judge said, however, there was little point in ordering a
   psychiatric evaluation when Qamar had made it clear she would refuse to
   take part.

   In sentencing Qamar to time already served, Dorey urged her to take
   advantage of the counselling and medical assistance being offered.

   “You have a life ahead of you. You need to get some help,” she told
   Qamar. “The public is at risk if you can’t control your behaviour.”

   jseyd@nsnews.com
   twitter.com/JaneSeyd
   Reader Feedback
     * (BUTTON) Sort
          + Oldest Newest
     * (BUTTON) Show
     __________________________________________________________________

This has been shared 0 times

     * 0
       Shares
     * Share on Facebook
     * Share on Twitter
     * Share on LinkedIn
     * Forward by Email
     * (BUTTON)
       Print
     * Share via Text Message
     __________________________________________________________________

Related

   B.C. attorney general says increasing arrests to fight violent crime
   won't work
   B.C. attorney general says increasing arrests to fight violent crime
   won't work
   Oct 4, 2022 4:47 PM
   Violent Seawalk assault on stranger won't net criminal record
   Violent Seawalk assault on stranger won't net criminal record
   May 25, 2022 3:39 PM
   97-year-old senior assaulted by stranger on West Van Seawalk
   97-year-old senior assaulted by stranger on West Van Seawalk
   May 25, 2022 10:54 AM
   Most North Shore residents are worried about stranger attacks, poll
   finds
   Most North Shore residents are worried about stranger attacks, poll
   finds
   May 29, 2022 7:05 AM
     __________________________________________________________________

Featured Flyer

     *
     *
     *

     * News
          + Local News
          + COVID-19
          + In the Community
          + BC News
          + National News
          + Indigenous News
          + World News
          + Real Estate News
          + Local Business
          + Bizwire
          + National Business
          + Local Sports
          + National Sports
          + Digital Edition
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Send us a letter
     * Arts &amp; Life
          + Endorsed
          + Local Arts
          + Living
          + Driving
          + Automotive
          + Consumer Technology
          + Food
          + Health
          + The Mix
          + Photos and Videos
          + Events Calendar
     * Features
          + Contests
          + Crossword
          + Weather
          + Gas Prices
          + Open House
          + StandOut
          + GuidedBy
          + Special Print Features
     * Classifieds
          + View Classified Ads
          + Place a Classified Ad
     * Obituaries
          + View Obituaries
          + Place an Obituary
     * Readers Choice
     * Connect
          + Contact Us
          + Daily Headlines Email
          + Support Local News

   About
     * Contact
     * About
     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Political Ads Registry

   Glacier Media Group
   Visit our network of sites:
     * Alaska Highway News
     * Bowen Island Undercurrent
     * Burnaby Now
     * Castanet
     * Coast Reporter
     * Dawson Creek Mirror
     * Delta Optimist
     * Lethbridge Herald
     * Medicine Hat News
     * Moose Jaw Today
     * New West Record
     * North Shore News
     * Pique Newsmagazine
     * Powell River Peak
     * Prince George Citizen
     * REW.ca
     * Richmond News
     * SaskToday.ca
     * Squamish Chief
     * Times Colonist
     * TriCity News
     * Vancouver is Awesome
     * Western Investor
     * Airdrie Today
     * Alberta Prime Times
     * Cochrane Today
     * Lakeland Today
     * Mountain View Today
     * Okotoks Today
     * RMO Today
     * St. Albert Today
     * Town and Country Today

   © 2023 North Shore News

   ×
   push icon
   Be the first to read breaking stories. Enable push notifications on
   your device. Disable anytime.
   No thanks (BUTTON) Subscribe
   No thanks (BUTTON) Subscribe

   [tr?id=2267637840123278&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-40">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-41">
<text>
   #alternate In ‘Strangers to Ourselves,’ a Revelatory Account of Mental
   Illness

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index
   Books


   Today’s Paper

   Books|In ‘Strangers to Ourselves,’ a Revelatory Account of Mental
   Illness
   https://www.nytimes.com/2022/09/07/books/rachel-aviv-strangers-to-ourse
   lves.html
     * (BUTTON) Give this articleGive this articleGive this article
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON)
     * 4

What to Read

     * 100 Notable Books of 2022
     * 10 Best Books of the Year
     * Best Book Covers
     * New Books in December
     * Quiz

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

   Supported by
   Continue reading the main story

   Nonfiction

In ‘Strangers to Ourselves,’ a Revelatory Account of Mental Illness

   For her first book, the New Yorker writer Rachel Aviv probes her own
   and others’ lives to suggest how the stories we are told by the medical
   profession about our struggles can both help and harm.
     * Send any friend a story
       As a subscriber, you have 10 gift articles to give each month.
       Anyone can read what you share.
       (BUTTON)
       (BUTTON) Give this articleGive this articleGive this article
     * (BUTTON)
     * (BUTTON)
     * 4

   By Jennifer Szalai
   Published Sept. 7, 2022Updated Sept. 23, 2022
   (BUTTON) Buy Book ▾
     * Amazon
     * Apple Books
     * Barnes and Noble
     * Books-A-Million
     * Bookshop
     * IndieBound

   When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site, we
   earn an affiliate commission.

   STRANGERS TO OURSELVES
   Unsettled Minds and the Stories That Make Us
   By Rachel Aviv
   276 pages. Farrar, Straus &amp; Giroux. $28.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Rachel Aviv was 6 years old when she was hospitalized for not eating.
   She was so young that she had never encountered the word “anorexia”
   before; it sounded to her like a kind of dinosaur.

   Her doctors decided that she should be kept with the older girls with
   eating disorders, who taught her how to exercise obsessively and
   treated her like an “anorexic-in-training.” But Aviv soon started
   eating again and quickly lost interest in depriving herself of the food
   she had previously refused even to talk about (pronouncing the words
   had felt the same to her as consuming them). A year later, she would
   confide in her diary, “I had some thing that was a siknis its cald
   anexorea.” She explained that she had anorexia “because I want to be
   someone better than me.”

   It’s a startling passage in the prologue of “Strangers to Ourselves,”
   but like so many of the stories in this intimate and revelatory book,
   the truth of it is real but incomplete. As an adult, having written a
   number of stories about people in extremis for The New Yorker, Aviv has
   come to “question whatever basic feelings existed in me before they
   were called anorexia.” Her medical records failed to present a
   “coherent picture” of why she stopped eating and drinking, but that
   didn’t stop the doctors from issuing diagnostic proclamations. “The
   original experience couldn’t be captured or understood on its own
   terms,” she writes, “and gradually became something that wasn’t
   entirely of our own making.”

   By “our” Aviv is referring to the other people in her book. There’s
   Ray, who sued an elite psychiatric hospital that prided itself on its
   psychoanalytic approach for failing to make him better; Bapu, a wealthy
   Brahmin mother of two who repeatedly left her family in Chennai, India,
   to pursue the ascetic life of a mystic; Naomi, who was incarcerated for
   second-degree murder after throwing herself and her twin babies into
   the Mississippi River; and Laura, a Harvard graduate from a well-to-do
   family, who had been prescribed psychiatric medications since she was a
   teenager and decided — years later — to see who she was without the
   drugs.

   We learn about these people one by one, with a chapter for each, so
   that Aviv can recount their lives in detail and therefore in full. She
   interviews doctors, friends and survivors; she reads her subjects’
   journals in order to get a grasp on how they explained themselves to
   themselves. Aside from her candid reflections in the prologue and the
   epilogue, Aviv mostly hangs back, even though her own experience primes
   us — as maybe it primed her — to be alert to how stories can clarify as
   well as distort the mental distress that a person is going through.

   Image
   Rachel Aviv, the author of “Strangers to Ourselves.”Credit...Rose
   Lichter-Marck

   Psychiatric explanations can be helpful and harmful, Aviv says. They
   pretend to a neutrality that can offer consolation but also
   condescension. Persistent colonial assumptions about the irrationality
   of Indian religions meant that some of Bapu’s doctors were disdainfully
   dismissive. “She was ugly,” one tells Aviv. “She was living like a
   witch, and looking like a witch.”

   In Naomi’s case, medications helped with her psychosis, but psychiatric
   evaluations were also used against her. Naomi, who is Black, said that
   she had dropped her babies into the river in order to save them from a
   life of “inferiority, indifference and ridicule” in a racist society.
   The psychiatrists who first evaluated Naomi after her arrest decided
   that even though she talked about an impending apocalypse and living in
   another dimension, her remarks about racism were too astute for her to
   meet the legal bar for insanity. But as her release date approached, 13
   years later, a psychiatrist concluded that she had not yet “achieved
   adequate stability”: “Now she was deemed unwell enough to be
   indefinitely detained,” Aviv writes.

   Aviv’s narrative is so attuned to subtlety and complexity that any
   summary risks making it sound like she’s doing something she’s not.
   This isn’t an anti-psychiatry book — Aviv is too aware of the specifics
   of any situation to succumb to anything so sweeping and polemical. What
   she does is recognize the multiplicity of stories that attach to her
   subjects’ experiences, exploring a variety of interpretations instead
   of jumping at the impulse to explain them away.

   “Strangers to Ourselves” delicately balances two truths that prove
   remarkably difficult to hold in tandem. We all have our own minds, our
   own experiences, our own suffering; we are also social creatures who
   live among others, and social forces have at least some bearing on how
   we understand who we are. Aviv suggests that we continue to cling to
   reductive theories about brain chemistry because “the reality — that
   mental illness is caused by an interplay between biological, genetic,
   psychological and environmental factors — is more difficult to
   conceptualize.”

   Psychiatrists talk a lot about “insight,” or what one defined as “the
   correct attitude to a morbid change in oneself.” Aviv points out the
   professional presumption baked into the term, as if insight is supposed
   to measure “the degree to which a patient agrees with his or her
   doctor’s interpretation.” Aviv, for her part, finds more resonance in
   Keats’s notion of “negative capability” — the capacity to experience
   “uncertainty, mysteries and doubts, without any irritable reaching
   after facts or reason.” She admits how hard it is for her to sustain
   such patience for her own anxieties and preoccupations, but “Strangers
   to Ourselves” is a book-length demonstration of Aviv’s extraordinary
   ability to hold space for the “uncertainty, mysteries and doubts” of
   others.

   Looking back on her hospitalization three decades ago, Aviv remains
   haunted by what happened to another girl in the ward, named Hava, who
   died in her early 40s from complications of bulimia. In her journals,
   the 12-year-old Hava showed plenty of insight about her condition,
   referring frequently to her “chemical imbalances,” whereas the
   6-year-old Aviv “had basically none.”

   But perhaps it was this lack of insight — “I never felt stuck in a
   particular story that others had created for me” — that made Aviv’s
   diagnosis feel more malleable to her, allowing her to pursue other
   possibilities. The divide between her fate and Hava’s was enormous but
   also porous. “There are stories that save us, and stories that trap
   us,” Aviv writes, “and in the midst of an illness it can be very hard
   to know which is which.”

   Advertisement
   Continue reading the main story

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2023 The New York Times Company

     * NYTCo
     * Contact Us
     * Accessibility
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Canada
     * International
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&amp;gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&amp;gtm_preview=env-130&amp;gtm_cookies_win=x
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-42">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-43">
<text>
   #English Language &amp; Usage Stack Exchange

Stack Exchange Network

   Stack Exchange network consists of 181 Q&amp;A communities including Stack
   Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to
   learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers.
   Visit Stack Exchange (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   Loading…

    1.
          + Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site
          + Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have
          + Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site
          + About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company
          + Business Learn more about our products
    2.
    3.

current community
       (BUTTON)
          + English Language &amp; Usage
            help chat
          + English Language &amp; Usage Meta

your communities
       Sign up or log in to customize your list.

more stack exchange communities
       company blog
    4. (BUTTON)
    5. Log in
    6. Sign up

   English Language &amp; Usage Stack Exchange is a question and answer site
   for linguists, etymologists, and serious English language enthusiasts.
   It only takes a minute to sign up.
   Sign up to join this community
   Anybody can ask a question
   Anybody can answer
   The best answers are voted up and rise to the top
   (BUTTON)

   English Language &amp; Usage

    1. Home
    2.
         1. Public
         2. Questions
         3. Tags
         4. Users
         5. Unanswered
    3.
         1. Teams
            Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing
            organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams?
         2. Teams
         3. Create free Team

   Teams

   Q&amp;A for work

   Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured
   and easy to search.
   Learn more about Teams

Why is the show called "Stranger Things" instead of "Strange Things"?
[closed]

   Ask Question
   Asked 5 years, 2 months ago
   Modified 5 years, 2 months ago
   Viewed 13k times
   (BUTTON)
   5
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

   Closed. This question is opinion-based. It is not currently accepting
   answers.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Want to improve this question? Update the question so it can be
   answered with facts and citations by editing this post.

   Closed 5 years ago.
   Improve this question

   Ok, I know this is a dumb question, but since I'm not a native english
   speaker, I've been wondering about it for a while. haha

   I've never seen a sentence using the word Stranger to define things. I
   did see it to define a person you do not know, but not for things.

   So, my question is: In this title, "Stranger Things", does it mean that
   these things that are happening, are more strange than the "normal"
   strange? (Does it make sense at all?)

   Like, this is strange, but thattt, oh boy, that's STRANGER!

   I'll appreciate any help to clarify this stupid question of mine.
     * meaning
     * word-usage
     * phrases

   Share
   Improve this question
   (BUTTON) Follow
   edited Nov 3, 2017 at 19:35
   bitbotbet
   asked Nov 3, 2017 at 19:22
   bitbotbet's user avatar
   bitbotbetbitbotbet
   6711 gold badge11 silver badge33 bronze badges
   6
     * 1
       The use is stranger as a comparative. There are strange things, and
       then there are stranger things.
       – Davo
       Nov 3, 2017 at 19:49
     * "Stranger than fiction" is a common phrase.
       – Xanne
       Nov 3, 2017 at 19:53
     * 1
       Why is something only the show creators would know; captaingabbeh
       has provided that answer. There is also a play on words; the saying
       stranger things have happened refers to events, whereas the show
       includes stranger things which are very much physical.
       – choster
       Nov 3, 2017 at 19:53
     * Because they wanted the show to be stranger than all the other
       shows on TV.
       – Hot Licks
       Nov 3, 2017 at 20:47
     * 1
       Another possible reason: "stranger" is of course also a noun
       referring to an unknown person, so they might have used that to
       subtly suggest the show being about "strangers", like Eleven
       – Jasmijn
       Nov 3, 2017 at 22:21

    |  Show 1 more comment

1 Answer 1

   Sorted by: Reset to default
   [Highest score (default)_____]
   (BUTTON)
   7
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

   Apparently the showmakers picked it because it sounds similar to a
   Stephen King book called "Needful Things"

   https://www.thedailybeast.com/inside-stranger-things-the-duffer-bros-on
   -how-they-made-the-tv-hit-of-the-summer

   (Look for the question "I’m not sure if you guys have ever talked about
   this before, but how did you settle on the title Stranger Things? I
   know originally it was Montauk.")

   I actually thought it was a play on the English saying "Stranger things
   have happened", which is something you would say if you were discussing
   an event that was possible but unlikely. For example, if my friend and
   I are talking about the weather and my friend suggests it will snow in
   August, I might say something like "Well, I guess stranger things have
   happened" to show I don't really think it's going to happen.
   Share
   Improve this answer
   (BUTTON) Follow
   answered Nov 3, 2017 at 19:41
   captaingabbeh's user avatar
   captaingabbehcaptaingabbeh
   17944 bronze badges
   0

   Add a comment  |

   Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged
     * meaning
     * word-usage
     * phrases

   or ask your own question.
     * Featured on Meta
     * Navigation and UI research starting soon
     * Announcement: AI generated answers are officially banned here

Related

   2
   What does "And she promises the earth to me..." mean?
   5
   Reason for the strange meaning of "for any length of time"?
   4
   What does "What use is X" mean?
   3
   What does "How I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb" mean?
   0
   What does "I'll not go a step further" actually mean in this specific
   context?

Hot Network Questions

     * Could my fairies exist in outer space?
     * Driving through heavy rain - hazard lights on
     * Automating interesting ways to write 2023
     * How did Multics make library calls available as shell commands?
     * Deriving consequences of identities
     * Is it okay to upload code I wrote for replicating someone else’s
       simulation study?
     * How were Amiga games cracked circa 1987?
     * United’s 787-9 upgrade
     * What happened to the silver border cards? There are none in
       Unfinity
     * Ethernet + wifi to make one network
     * Why are European countries increasing their defense budgets if they
       are members of a nuclear-armed NATO?
     * 7809 output increase
     * correct use of wood fire oven
     * How to delete data pertaining to a specific game for a specific
       user on Nintendo Switch
     * Does the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine destroy natural immunity in
       children?
     * During spacecraft reentry why is heatshield side down the most
       stable orientation?
     * Why don't my studded tyres grip on ice?
     * Acrobats live in cave near the sea. fancy soirees lead to murder
     * Testing "8-bit readiness" with an emulator or pre-packaged kit
     * How to answer "Where are traveling from/coming from" at US airport?
     * My Ibanez TMB100 sounds input cut in and out and fuzzes
     * What does this lyric from Thriller refer to?
     * Would compound-like eyes that gave a "pixelated" image be
       possible/practical
     * Leaving airport while in transit in Australia

   more hot questions

English Language &amp; Usage

     * Tour
     * Help
     * Chat
     * Contact
     * Feedback

Company

     * Stack Overflow
     * Teams
     * Advertising
     * Collectives
     * Talent
     * About
     * Press
     * Legal
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Service
     * Cookie Settings
     * Cookie Policy

Stack Exchange Network

     * Technology
     * Culture &amp; recreation
     * Life &amp; arts
     * Science
     * Professional
     * Business
     * API
     * Data

     * Blog
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * LinkedIn
     * Instagram

   Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions
   licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2022.12.21.43127

   Your privacy

   By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store
   cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our
   Cookie Policy.
   (BUTTON) Accept all cookies (BUTTON) Customize settings
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-44">
<text>
   #English Grammar Here » Feed alternate alternate

English Grammar Here

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Menu

     * Grammar
          + Tenses
          + Prepositions
          + Conjunctions
          + Transition Words
          + Connectors
          + Abbreviations
          + Conditionals
          + Grammatical Errors
          + Modals
          + Punctuation Marks
          + Active &amp; Passive Voice
          + Relative Clauses
          + Quantifiers
          + Example Sentences
     * Vocabulary
          + Synonyms
          + Opposite Words
          + Adjectives
          + Adverbs
          + Nouns
          + Verbs
          + Collocations
          + Collective Nouns
          + Homonyms
          + Idioms
          + Phrasal Verbs
          + Suffixes
          + Symbols and Signs
     * Speaking
          + Ways to Say
          + English Phrases
          + Phrases
          + Slangs &amp; Contractions
     * Writing
     * General
     * Quotes
     * Contact Us
     * PDF

   [INS: :INS]
   Home
   Opposite Words
   Opposite Of Stranger, Antonyms of Stranger, Meaning and Example
   Sentences

   Opposite Words

Opposite Of Stranger, Antonyms of Stranger, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere 2 years ago No Comments
     * Facebook
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Prev Article Next Article

   Opposite Of Stranger, Antonyms of Stranger, Meaning and Example
   Sentences
   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

   Antonym opposite words contradict each other and meet opposite
   meanings. A word has synonyms as well as antonyms. When we learn a
   language, when we learn a word in that language, it will be very useful
   for us to learn both the opposite and the synonyms of this word.

   Because learning a word with its synonyms increases our competence in
   that language as well as our competence in speaking and writing.
   Learning a word with its opposite meanings both broadens our vocabulary
   and helps our activity on language. There are some things we need to
   know about opposite words.

   First, the negative of a word cannot be the opposite of that
   word. Negative words indicate whether an action should be taken to us,
   that is, not the opposite meaning of a word. In a language, not every
   word has a synonym, but not every word has an opposite. In general,
   adjectives and adverbs have opposite meanings, that is, words reporting
   quality and quantity often have opposite words.

   Stranger means; alien, foreigner, outsider, unknown, gringo
   [INS: :INS]

   [INS: :INS]

   Opposites of Stranger;
     * buddy
     * pal
     * bud
     * friend
     * chum
     * fellow
     * companion
     * mate
     * ally
     * crony
     * associate

   Example Sentences with Stranger;
     * Stranger people are not very welcome in this city. I think you
       should be careful.
     * Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is
       obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn’t.
     * I don’t go out with strangers,” I said.

   [INS: :INS]

   Here are 400 Important Opposite Words List
     * boy – girl
     * brave – cowardly
     * break – fix
     * broad – narrow
     * brother – sister
     * build – destroy
     * busy – lazy
     * buy – sell
     * calm – excited
     * careful – careless
     * careless – careful
     * catch – miss
     * ceiling – floor
     * cellar – attic
     * centre – outskirts
     * certainly – probably
     * changeable – constant
     * cheap – expensive
     * child – adult
     * children – parents
     * clean – dirty
     * clear – cloudy
     * clever – stupid
     * close – open
     * closed – open
     * cloudy – clear
     * cold – hot
     * cold – heat
     * come – go
     * comedy – drama
     * complicated – simple
     * compliment – insult
     * compulsory – voluntary
     * connect – separate
     * consonant – vowel
     * constant – changeable

   [INS: :INS]
   [INS: :INS]

     * cry – laugh
     * damage – repair
     * danger – security
     * dangerous – safe
     * dark – light
     * daughter – son
     * dawn – dusk
     * day – night
     * dead – alive
     * death – birth
     * deep – shallow
     * defeat – victory
     * defence – attack
     * defend – attack
     * delicious – awful
     * deny – admit
     * depart – arrive
     * departure – arrival
     * descendant – ancestor
     * descent – ascent
     * desperate – hopeful
     * destroy – build
     * destruction – construction
     * devil – angel
     * dictatorship – republic
     * die – live

     * emigrate – immigrate
     * emigration – immigration
     * empty – full
     * end – begin
     * end – beginning
     * ending – beginning
     * enemy – friend
     * enjoy – hate
     * enter – leave
     * entrance – exit
     * equal – different
     * even – odd
     * evening – morning
     * everybody – nobody
     * everything – nothing

     * find – lose
     * finish – begin
     * finish – start
     * first – final
     * fix – break
     * flat – hilly
     * floor – ceiling
     * follow – lead
     * forbid – allow
     * for – against
     * foreground – background
     * foreign – domestic
     * foreigner – native
     * forget – remember
     * form – destroy
     * fortune – bad luck
     * forward – backward

   [INS: :INS]

     * free – arrest
     * freeze – melt
     * frequently – occasionally
     * fresh – old/stale
     * friend – enemy
     * front – rear
     * in front of – back
     * full – empty
     * funny – serious
     * future – past
     * general – particular
     * generous – mean
     * gentle – violent
     * gentleman – lady
     * giant – tiny
     * girl – boy
     * give – take
     * go – come
     * good – bad
     * grown-up – child
     * guest – host
     * guilty – innocent
     * happiness – sadness
     * happy – sad
     * handsome – ugly
     * hard – easy
     * harvest – plant
     * hate – enjoy
     * health – disease
     * healthy – ill
     * heat – cold
     * heaven – hell
     * heavy – light
     * hell – heaven

     * land – water
     * large – small
     * last – first
     * late – early
     * laugh – cry
     * lazy – active
     * lead – follow
     * learn – teach
     * leave – arrive
     * left – right
     * lend – borrow
     * less – more
     * let – forbid
     * lie – stand
     * life – death
     * light – dark
     * light – heavy
     * like – hate
     * liquid – solid
     * little – big
     * little – much
     * live – die
     * long – short
     * lose – win
     * loser – winner
     * loud – quiet
     * love – hate
     * lovely – terrible
     * low – high
     * lower – raise
     * bad luck – good luck
     * good luck – bad luck
     * major – minor

   [INS: :INS]

     * married – divorced
     * marry – divorce
     * master – servant
     * maximum – minimum
     * mean – generous
     * melt – freeze
     * men – women
     * mend – break
     * mess – order
     * midnight – noon
     * minimum – maximum
     * minor – major
     * miss – hit
     * miss – catch
     * moderate – extreme
     * modern – ancient
     * monarchy – republic
     * moon – sun
     * more – less
     * morning – evening
     * mountain – valley
     * much – little
     * narrow – broad
     * nasty – nice
     * native – foreigner
     * natural – artificial
     * near – distant
     * negative – affirmative
     * nephew – niece
     * never – always
     * new – ancient
     * nice – awful
     * niece – nephew
     * night – day
     * no – yes

     * odd – even
     * off – on
     * often – seldom
     * old – modern
     * on – off
     * open – closed
     * open – closed
     * opponent – supporter
     * order – mess
     * ordinary – special
     * other – same
     * out – in
     * outside – inside
     * outskirts – centre
     * over – under
     * parents – children
     * part – whole
     * partial – total
     * particular – general
     * pass – fail
     * past – future
     * peace – war
     * permit – forbid
     * plant – harvest

     * plenty – lack
     * pleasant – awful
     * polite – rude
     * poor – rich
     * poverty – wealth
     * powerful – weak
     * presence – absence
     * present – past
     * pretty – ugly
     * private – public
     * probably – certainly
     * professional – amateur
     * protect – attack
     * protection – attack
     * public – private
     * pull – push
     * pupil – teacher
     * push – pull
     * question – answer
     * quick – slow
     * quiet – loud
     * raise – lower
     * rainy – sunny
     * rear – front
     * receive – send
     * reduce – increase
     * refuse – agree
     * regret – satisfaction
     * remember – forget
     * repair – damage
     * reply – ask
     * reply – question
     * republic – dictatorship
     * rest – work
     * rich – poor
     * right – left

   [INS: :INS]

     * rural – urban
     * sad – happy
     * sadness – happiness
     * safe – dangerous
     * safety – danger
     * salt – sugar
     * same – different
     * satisfaction – regret
     * satisfy – annoy
     * save – spend
     * scream – whisper
     * security – danger
     * seldom – often
     * sell – buy
     * send – receive
     * senior – junior
     * separate – connect
     * serious – funny
     * servant – master
     * set free – arrest
     * shallow – deep
     * sharp – blunt
     * shelter – exposure
     * short – long
     * shout – whisper
     * shut – open
     * sick – healthy
     * silent – noisy
     * silly – intelligent
     * simple – complicated
     * sink – rise

   [INS: :INS]
     * Facebook
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Prev Article Next Article
   [INS: :INS]

Related Posts

Opposite Of Goodwill, Antonyms of Goodwill, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere March 24, 2021

Opposite Of Disappointment, Antonyms of Disappointment, Meaning and Example
Sentences

   grammarhere January 16, 2021

Opposite Of Kingsize, Antonyms of Kingsize, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere March 22, 2021

Opposite Of Master, Antonyms of Master, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere January 17, 2021

Opposite Of Boon, Antonyms of Boon, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere March 20, 2021

Opposite Of Cow, Antonyms of Cow, Meaning and Example Sentences

   grammarhere March 22, 2021
   [INS: :INS]

About The Author

grammarhere

   More from this Author

   [INS: :INS]

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

   [INS: :INS]

Recent Posts

     * Sentences with Belt, Belt in a Sentence in English, Sentences For
       Belt
     * Sentences with Basically, Basically in a Sentence in English,
       Sentences For Basically
     * Sentences with Anywhere, Anywhere in a Sentence in English,
       Sentences For Anywhere
     * Sentences with Alcohol, Alcohol in a Sentence in English, Sentences
       For Alcohol
     * Sentences with Version, Version in a Sentence in English, Sentences
       For Version

   [INS: :INS]

Categories

     * Abbreviations (15)
     * Active &amp; Passive Voice (9)
     * Adjectives (62)
     * Adverbs (26)
     * Animals (31)
     * Another Words (88)
     * Articles (2)
     * Business English (1)
     * Classroom English (3)
     * Collective Nouns (65)
     * Collocations (38)
     * Comparative &amp; Superlative Adjectives (3)
     * Compound Nouns (5)
     * Compound Sentences (4)
     * Conditionals (9)
     * Confused Words (4)
     * Conjunctions (62)
     * Connectors (23)
     * Contractions (4)
     * Determiners (5)
     * English For Kids (2)
     * English Phrases (9)
     * Example Sentences (2,218)
     * General (50)
     * Gerunds (5)
     * Grammar (229)
     * Grammar Cards (9)
     * Grammatical Errors (5)
     * Handwriting Notes (1)
     * Homonyms (9)
     * Idioms (29)
     * IELTS (2)
     * Imperatives (4)
     * Infinitives (3)
     * Interjections (1)
     * Job Interview (1)
     * Learning English Tips (4)
     * Linking Words (6)
     * Modals (39)
     * Nouns (31)
     * Opposite Words (885)
     * Phrasal Verbs (31)
     * Phrases (44)
     * Prefixes (7)
     * Prepositions (38)
     * Pronouns (10)
     * Proverbs (3)
     * Punctuation Marks (2)
     * Quantifiers (4)
     * Question Words (4)
     * Quotes (1)
     * Relative Clauses (5)
     * Reported Speech (3)
     * Shapes (2)
     * Sight Words (1)
     * Silent Letters (2)
     * Slangs &amp; Contractions (4)
     * Speaking (105)
     * Stories (4)
     * Suffixes (9)
     * Symbols and Signs (9)
     * Synonyms (177)
     * Telling The Time (2)
     * Tenses (68)
     * TOEFL (2)
     * Transition Words (14)
     * Verbs (1,465)
     * Vocabulary (337)
     * Ways to Say (90)
     * Writing (10)

   English Grammar Here Copyright © 2023.
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-45">
<text>
   #alternate

   MENU (BUTTON)

   Life
   Courtesy of Jamie Kenney

11 Things Well-Meaning Strangers Need To Stop Doing When It Comes To Other
People's Kids


   by Jamie Kenney
   Aug. 9, 2016

   I'll admit that my life is pretty precariously balanced right now. It's
   not that I need to set plans in stone but, as a mom, I thrive on
   routine. On Mondays, for example, we go grocery shopping. Still, all
   the planning in the world doesn't keep me from being tested literally
   every single week, not by the chore, not by my children, but by
   well-meaning strangers who consistently manage to throw off our groove.
   It's not just the grocery store, either: everywhere, sweet people, who
   only want to help, just need to, well, not. There are so many things
   well-meaning strangers need to stop when it comes to kids.

   People have a lot of feels when it comes to kids and, believe me, I get
   it. Like, if this entire topic could have a caveat/thesis statement it
   would be, "I get it." I'm a natural extrovert, I adore children, and I
   feel like I have a good rapport with most kids I encounter. I know the
   instincts of well-meaning strangers because, more often than not, they
   are my instincts, too. However, there are times we must fight our
   natural inclinations in order to accommodate other people's feelings
   and plans, because the road to "parent hell" is paved with good
   intentions from kind strangers.

   You've probably heard the famous Wendy Mass quote (or more likely, seen
   it on your favorite social media feed) that states, "Be kind, for
   everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about." This
   goes, like, triple for parents. Balancing a child's wants, needs,
   triggers, and everything in between is a full-time job in and of
   itself, without all the other crap one has to deal with as an adult
   with. You waltzing into my life, stranger, with your own aims and
   agendas (and even if you think they are compatible with mine) is likely
   to cause issues and screw up a good chunk of my day (or at least my
   hour, which can feel like a day in parenting time).

   And so, with this in mind please, just, don't do the following. Please.

Give Kids Food Without Asking

   Whether my kid looked up at you with pleading puppy dog eyes after
   seeing you reach into your purse for a hard candy, or you just know the
   little tyke would love some, please do not give food to a child without
   consulting that child's parent first. You don't know what religious
   dietary restrictions, allergies, family rules, or meal schedules you
   might be messing with, and the consequences of even the most
   well-meaning "treat" run the gamut between annoying and inconvenient to
   deadly.

Ask A Parent, Within A Kid's Range Of Hearing, If They Want A Treat

   I don't mean to nitpick here, because I do appreciate when people eager
   to do something nice for my little ones, consult me first. However, if
   that consultation is a loudly asked, "Would they like lollipops?" it's
   anything but helpful. All kids need to hear is "lollipop" to know that
   they now need one. With sweet, sugary goodness hanging in the balance,
   my children will harangue me until I say yes.

   So, when this specific instance takes place, I now have two choices:
   give in even if I'd rather they not have the lollipop to avoid option
   two, which is a downward spiral of child emotions. Now, I am willing
   and capable of either, depending on my mood and the day, but I'd rather
   not do either. So please, if you want to give my kid a treat of some
   kind, ask me in a way that they cannot hear or understand. You'd really
   be doing me a solid and you'll potentially avoid upsetting them.

Try To Engage A Clearly Emotional Kid

   Question: You see a child sobbing in the middle of a public space. Do
   you...

   A) Give obvious, judgmental, obnoxious side-eye.

   B) Offer the parent a silent, sympathetic look but simply move on

   C) Start talking to the child in an attempt to make them feel better

   If you answered A), this is a jerk move and I wish you'd stop, because
   you probably have no idea what's actually going on. However, sure, I
   can deal with your judgment because it's more a reflection on you than
   me. If you answered B) thank you very much, this is probably the best
   move. If you answered C), I may or may not (but definitely did) let out
   a sigh. This is so, so common and I get the good-natured impulse many
   people feel to try and help, especially from other parents. However, I
   would seriously pay an annual fee every year until my kid hits
   adulthood to never have to deal with this again.

   Think about it this way: if you were really emotional, would a very
   tall stranger approaching you, asking what was wrong and encouraging
   you not to cry, make you feel better? No. It would probably freak you
   out and you're an adult with the ability to process social interactions
   way better than a child. It sucks because I know people who do this are
   trying to be really nice, but they are only prolonging my child's
   crying jag/tantrum/whatever is going on because they're anxious about
   some random person getting all up in their grill.

Help A Kid When You See That Their Parent Is Watching

   I'm not saying you should never help a child. All too often I've been
   occupied with one child at the playground while another needed my help
   and a cool parent has stepped up to lend a hand. Perhaps they've helped
   my kid onto a swing or down from the jungle gym. I try to help out busy
   parents as well, to repay the universe for sending me good karma when I
   need it. This is just good citizenship. Having said that, there are
   other times when I am trying to get my 4-year-old or my 2-year-old to
   learn how to do something on their own. Like, I'm watching them, I've
   encouraged them, and then someone else comes along and says "Oh here,
   let me."

   I was right here! There's a reason I was letting them work it out
   without adult intervention. Now I just look like a big jerk and my kid
   is no closer to learning how to use the monkey bars.

Touch Someone Else's Kid

   The people who tend to do this the most in my life are self proclaimed
   "old teachers" and grandmothers. Look, I get it: kids are adorable and
   every now and then you want to sniff their heads or pinch their chubby
   legs or give them hugs. However, it's kinda weird and I wish you
   wouldn't. Like, ever.

   For one, I don't want my kid to be under the impression that strangers
   are allowed to touch them, because they're not. For another, my kid
   doesn't exist to feed your need to love something. My kid doesn't exist
   to feed my need to love something, and I made my kid and birthed my kid
   and I'm currently raising my kid! So please, don't hug someone else's
   baby. Just be cool and, perhaps, the opportunity will occur naturally
   over time.

Give Child Permission For Something

   If you don't know a kid, or if you only tangentially know a kid, you do
   not have the authority to tell them what they're allowed to do. Even if
   it's, like, let them play in your yard or take something you're
   offering, because the parent will have (and should have) the final say.
   I know you mean well, and you're probably just signaling to the parent,
   "Oh, it's OK, I don't mind," but you're not thinking about the fact
   that, for whatever reasons, the parents do mind.

Second Guess Someone Else's Parenting

   Obviously no two people are going to parent exactly alike. The best
   thing to do when you see a parent making a different decision than you
   probably would, is to revisit the old adage "mother/father knows best."
   This is especially true when you don't know the person in question.
   Seriously, just don't say anything, particularly not to my kids, as it
   will be both passive aggressive and undermining (plus it puts kids in
   the middle of an adult disagreement, which is just not good for anyone
   involved).

Go On About How Pretty Someone's Daughter Is

   This sounds obnoxious (who doesn't like a compliment), but hear me out.

   It's sweet that you pay my kid a compliment and, yeah, I think she's
   very pretty, too. However, when strangers constantly comment on her
   looks (and just her looks) that's sending a few messages I'd rather she
   not receive:

   "Your primary value lies in your appearance."

   "The best way to positive attention is via your looks."

   I'll also add that people do not compliment my (equally pretty, I
   think) son in the same way. He usually gets, "You're getting so big"
   or, "That's a cool toy you've got there."

   What happens as my little girl gets older and doesn't have that same
   level of baby cuteness anymore? All of a sudden, all those people who
   were telling her how "precious" she was aren't there praising her
   anymore. It's a bummer.

   This is a general plea to strangers: pay attention to how you're
   engaging little kids. All the random little comments they get from
   individual strangers have a cumulative effect.

Discipline Someone's Kid Without Expressed Permission

   Unless there's an emergency situation where my kid is actively harming
   or about to harm you, your child, or themselves (and I'm not there),
   please just let me handle it. Not your kid, not your business.

Insist To Someone's Kid That What You're Doing Is OK Because "I'm Nice"/"I'm
Your Friend"

   When I word it that way you can probably see why I'm against it, right?
   I mean, it sounds really creepy and predatory even when it isn't.
   However, I'm aware that in the moment, sometimes, people don't
   necessarily get that in their attempt to win a smile from a child, they
   sound, um, "untoward."

   Insisting that there is a level of intimacy between two strangers that
   does not actually exist because the adult in question wants to create a
   pleasant interaction, is just uncalled for and sets some potentially
   dangerous precedents for a child who is probably just working of a
   natural (and healthy) dose of stranger-danger.

Keep Trying To Win A Kid Over When It Just Isn't Happening

   I cannot stress enough how I understand this particular situation,
   because I feel like I have probably done this with kittens or puppies
   in the past. In the end you just want to express your squealing delight
   in the adorableness of this sweet, tiny little creature that you wind
   up trying way too hard, even after when that tiny creature has given
   you all the signs that they're just not that into you.

   However, just let it go. You're not going to win over the kid in the
   minimal amount of time you have, and your attempts are just sort of
   holding up the parent from whatever it is they're out and attempting to
   do. (And now they're having to do it with an increasingly agitated
   child in tow.) There will be other chances to talk to (more amenable)
   little kids and get a smile out of them.

   More Like This
   These easy breakfast ideas are perfect for kids to make themselves.
   15 Easy Breakfast Ideas For Kids To Make
   A girl putting on shoes with her mom, demonstrating some of the things
   you might find at the best pl...
   The 13 Best Places To Buy &amp; Sell Second Hand Kids Stuff
   Loaded smashed potatoes, a fun and kid-friendly Christmas appetizer
   9 Kid-Friendly Christmas Appetizers For Your Little Guests
   A person who is distressed is laying in bed with their hands over their
   face, having a bad dream abo...
   These Are Most Common Nightmares Parents Have About Their Kids
   What Parents Are Talking About — Delivered Straight To Your Inbox
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Submit
   By subscribing to this BDG newsletter, you agree to our Terms of
   Service and Privacy Policy

   [ ] [ ]

   Jan. 2. 2023
   Romper
   SEARCH (BUTTON) CLOSE (BUTTON)
   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   Reset
   (*)
   Pregnancy
   See AllTryingBirthAfter
   ( )
   Raising Kids
   See AllBabyToddlerLittle KidBig Kid
   ( )
   You
   See AllSex &amp; RelationshipsWellnessStyle
   ( )
   Life
   See AllAmplifying Our VoicesFoodHomeEntertainmentPoliticsShopping
   Health
   AboutArchiveTermsPrivacyNewsletterArchiveAdvertiseMastheadEditorial
   Standards
   © 2023 BDG Media, Inc. All rights reserved.

   [p-xPmcrFNGfHkBg.gif]
   [p?c1=2&amp;amp;c2=17519299&amp;amp;cs_ucfr=0&amp;amp;cv=2.0&amp;amp;cj=1]
   [tr?id=1636673763227734&amp;amp;ev=PageView&amp;amp;noscript=1]
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-5">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-6">
<text>
   Skip to main content (*) ( )

   Open menu Close menu
   Space
   [ ] Search Search Space ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Subscribe
   RSS
   (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new
   tab) (opens in new tab)

   All About Space Magazine
   (opens in new tab)
   All About Space Magazine (opens in new tab)
   Why subscribe?
     * Your monthly guide to stargazing &amp; space science
     * Save an extra 12% on your subscription when you subscribe with code
       "SAVE12" today
     * Issues delivered straight to your door or device

   From$3.99
   (opens in new tab)
   View (opens in new tab)

     *
     * News
     * Astronomy
     * Spaceflight
     * The Moon
     * Our Solar System
     * Skywatching
     * More
          + Videos
          + Search for LIfe
          + Technology
          + Entertainment
          + Reference
          + SpaceX
          + Expert Voices
          + Forums
          + All Topics
          + Subscribe to "All About Space" Magazine!
          + Space.com Store
          + About Us
          + Web Notifications

   Trending
     * Webb space telescope's 1st year!
     * Best Telescopes
     * Best Star Projectors
     * Next Full Moon
     * Space Calendar
     * Best Binoculars
     * Lego Star Wars deals
     * Artemis 1 updates
     * Best Drones
     * Solar System Planets
     * Night Sky Tonight
     * Russia-Ukraine war space impacts

   When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate
   commission. Here’s how it works.
    1. Home
    2. News
    3. Science &amp; Astronomy

Mysterious reflections on Mars might come from something stranger than water

   By Elizabeth Rayne
   last updated 6 October 2022

   Scientists hoped it was a lake under the ice, but it may just be a
   mirage.
     * (opens in new tab)
     * (opens in new tab)
     *
     * (opens in new tab)
     * (opens in new tab)
     * (opens in new tab)
     *

   blue-grey photo of textured landscape
   An image captured by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter of layers of
   ice near the Red Planet's south pole. (Image credit:
   NASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona)

   Scientists revisiting a mysterious signal from the south pole of Mars
   have suggested a new potential explanation, and it doesn't bode well
   for hopes of finding liquid water on the Red Planet.

   In 2018, scientists using data from the European Space Agency's Mars
   Express orbiter's Mars Advanced Radar for Subsurface and Ionosphere
   Sounding (MARSIS) instrument announced that they'd observed a radar
   signal that could be interpreted as evidence of liquid water. That
   signal, a strange bright reflection, came from the Martian south pole
   in a region known as Ultima Scopuli. Researchers investigating the
   reflection now suggest that the signal didn't come from the ice itself,
   or even from liquid water, but from underlying geological layers made
   of minerals and frozen carbon dioxide. In particular, it turned out
   that the thickness of these layers, rather than what they're made of,
   creates the otherworldly reflection.

   On Earth, dazzling reflections like this often come from liquid water.
   For example, subglacial lakes like Antarctica's Lake Vostok, which has
   been lying under more than 2 miles (3 kilometers) of ice for millions
   of years, causes a bright radar signal like that found on Mars.
   However, just because it's possible for something like this to have
   also occurred on Mars doesn't guarantee the presence of liquid water.

   Related: These dry ice glaciers on Mars are moving at its south pole

   The research team used radar data from MARSIS, along with computer
   simulations, to investigate this mystery. The scientists simulated
   layers of ice and other substances, like basalt rock that formed after
   ancient volcanic eruptions on Mars, to see how these materials  would
   react to incoming light.

   Because there is an immense amount of carbon dioxide frozen in the
   Martian south pole, Cornell University planetary scientist and lead
   author of the research Dan Lalich was sure to include layers of this
   ice in the simulations. And one simulation in particular, with a layer
   of carbon dioxide ice and below the water ice, revealed that the
   separation and thickness of layers determined the strength of a
   reflection.

   Previous studies Lalich worked on also found that certain minerals
   could also conjure a reflection like this. He believes that even layers
   of the Red Planet's dust-obscured ice are capable of it. Either way, no
   liquid water is necessary to create the reflection.

   "I could have used rock layers or even particularly dusty water ice and
   I would have gotten similar results," he said in a statement. "The
   point of this paper is really that the composition of the basal layers
   is less important than the layer thicknesses and separations."
   Related stories:

   — This icy crater near Mars' north pole is a winter wonderland (photos)
   — Mars crater complex shows layers of ice in stunning spacecraft photos
   — Frosty Mars crater sparkles in new NASA photo

   The new research doesn't mean that there is no chance of liquid water
   existing somewhere on Mars, however.

   "None of the work we’ve done disproves the possible existence of liquid
   water down there," Lalich said. "We just think the interference
   hypothesis is more consistent with other observations. I'm not sure
   anything short of a drill could prove either side of this debate
   definitively right or wrong."

   Whether under a glacier or deep beneath the planet's scorched reddish
   surface, water — and possibly traces of life or — may still be lurking
   somewhere.

   The research is described in a paper published Sept. 28 in Nature
   Astronomy (opens in new tab).

   Follow us on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.

   Join our Space Forums to keep talking space on the latest missions,
   night sky and more! And if you have a news tip, correction or comment,
   let us know at: community@space.com.

   Elizabeth Rayne

   (BUTTON) MORE FROM SPACE...
    1. clock icon and blue abstract motion background
       1
       Why time-traveling tachyons probably don't exist
    2. 2
       Hubble telescope spies a swarm of stars in a cosmic beehive
    3. 3
       On International Space Station, astronauts ring in New Year 2023
       ahead of 2nd Christmas
    4. 4
       Newfound kind of supernova can tear apart a planet's atmosphere
    5. 5
       This gorgeous spiral galaxy spotted by Hubble telescope is a
       yardstick for galactic expansion

   Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and
   leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site (opens in new tab).
     * About Us (opens in new tab)
     * Terms and conditions (opens in new tab)
     * Privacy policy (opens in new tab)
     * Cookies policy (opens in new tab)
     * Accessibility Statement (opens in new tab)
     * Topics (opens in new tab)
     * Advertise with us (opens in new tab)
     * Web notifications (opens in new tab)
     * Careers (opens in new tab)

   © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY
   10036.
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-7">
<text>
   IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on
   another browser. (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) SKIP TO CONTENT
     * On The Show
          3rd Hour of TODAY
          Hoda &amp; Jenna
          Saturday TODAY
          Sunday TODAY
          Shop the Show
     * Wellness
          Start TODAY Walking Challenge
          Mental Health
          Women's Health
          Fitness
          Sleep
          Diet &amp; Nutrition
     * Parents
          Parenting Tips
          Kids Health
          Babies
          Family
          LOL
     * Pop Culture
          TV
          Movies
          Books
          Royals
          Citi Concert Series
     * Food
          Recipes
          Celeb Chefs
          Food Tips
          What to Cook This Week
     * News
          Good News
          Coronavirus
          Politics
     * Shop
          Shop the Show
          Steals &amp; Deals
          Stuff We Love
          Fashion
          Beauty
          Home
     * Life
          Essays
          Inspiration
          Holidays
          Sex &amp; Relationships
          Astrology

   (BUTTON)

     * Share this —
     *
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON) Search Today

   Sections
     * Health Health &amp; Wellness
     * Parenting Parenting
     * Food Food
     * Shop Shop
     * Pop Pop Culture
     * Style Style
     * Home Home
     * Videos Videos

   Shows
     * TODAY TODAY
     * 3rd 3rd Hour of TODAY
     * TODAY TODAY with Hoda &amp; Jenna
     * Saturday Saturday TODAY
     * Sunday Sunday TODAY with Willie Geist
     * Watch Full Episodes

   More
     * News
     * Help
     * Trending
     * TODAY Table
     * Recipes
     * Newsletters
     * Citi Music Series
     * Parenting Team
     * Pets &amp; Animals
     * Money
     * Asian American Voices
     * Black Voices
     * Latino Voices
     * LGBTQ Voices
     * Women Are Essential

   Follow today
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   More Brands
     * Facebook
     * Pinterest
     * Email
     * SMS
     * Print
     * Whatsapp
     * Reddit
     * Pocket
     * Flipboard
     * Twitter
     * Linkedin

   (BUTTON)

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebo
   ok.com%2Ftodayshow&amp;width=450&amp;layout=standard&amp;action=like&amp;share=false&amp;he
   ight=35&amp;show_faces=true&amp;appId

   Health &amp; Wellness

TikTok runner goes viral documenting a stranger following her

   Samantha MacIntyre was documenting her journey to running a half
   marathon when her normal run took a scary turn.
   [1663847185103_tdy_news_7a_anne_jogger_tiktok_220922_1920x1080-4kdcte.j
   pg]

Woman documents scary moments of being followed while running

   03:05
   Sept. 22, 2022, 3:51 PM UTC
   / Source: TODAY
   By Anna Kaplan

   What started as a normal 8-mile run for Samantha MacIntyre turned into
   a scary situation that many women are familiar with.

   The Idaho runner, who documents her journey preparing for a half
   marathon on the TikTok account @sageandmaize, was filming a running
   vlog earlier this month when she said she noticed a man driving a red
   truck pass by her.

   IFRAME: //iframe.nbcnews.com/fv3rYw7?_showcaption=true&amp;app=1

   "The first time that he drove by me, he had his whole top half of his
   body out the window, looking back at me multiple times, and it kind of
   slowed down," MacIntyre told TODAY.

   MacIntyre, 24, documented the entire experience in a TikTok, which now
   has more than 8.8 million views.

   In the TikTok, she initially wasn't sure if she was just "being
   paranoid." But as the truck kept passing by her she became "really
   nervous," leading her to stop her run early.

   "When I saw him drive by the second time doing the same thing, I just
   got this really bad gut feeling and I was like, something’s wrong," she
   told TODAY.
   MacIntyre vlogging on TikTok during a run. MacIntyre vlogging on TikTok
   during a run.TODAY

   In the TikTok, MacIntyre explained she had to run by the truck to get
   back to her own car. "Alright I see the car parked up here, I do not
   feel good about this. I don't know what to do," she said.

   "It's just one of those things where it's like, you don't think it's
   going to happen to you, until it happens to you," she continued. "I
   don't want to risk anything — I gotta have my parents come pick me up."

   MacIntyre called her parents and the police, and ran to a nearby house
   for safety. The police department confirmed to TODAY they found the man
   in question, but no charges were filed.

   MacIntyre's TikTok comes weeks after 34-year-old Eliza Fletcher was
   abducted and killed while on her regular morning jog in Memphis,
   Tennessee earlier this month.

   "It really spooked me because as a fellow runner, I’m like oh my gosh,
   this could possibly happen to me," she said of Fletcher's death.

   The runner said she now runs with an alarm, mace and a whistle, and
   that she didn't let the experience stop her from running her first half
   marathon.
   MacIntyre shows her TikTok viewers her alarm, mace and whistle.
   MacIntyre shows her TikTok viewers her alarm, mace and whistle.TODAY

   "It was a really big accomplishment that I even got myself to do that
   half marathon because I really thought that I might not ever run
   again," MacIntyre said.

   MacIntyre added she will now stick to indoor tracks, and if she does
   take up outdoor running again, she'll be carrying protection with her.
   Anna Kaplan

     * About
     * Contact
     * Help
     * Visit
     * TODAY Apps
     * AD Choices
     * Privacy Policy
     * Do Not Sell My Personal Information
     * CA Notice
     * Terms of Service
     * Careers
     * Closed Captioning
     * TODAY Sitemap
     * Advertise
     * TODAY Store
     * Shop TODAY
     * Select Shopping
     * Select Personal Finance

   © 2022 NBC UNIVERSAL
</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-8">
<text>

</text>
</page> §
<page="URL_stranger-9">
<text>
   #New Jersey Monitor » Feed New Jersey Monitor » Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WHKJWZ2

   (BUTTON) [mobileHeader.svg] ____________________ (search)
     * HOME
     * NEWS
          + Gov + Legislature
          + Election 2022
          + Criminal Justice
          + Courts
          + Schools
          + Housing
          + Social Justice
     * COMMENTARY
     * ABOUT
     * SUBSCRIBE
     * DONATE

   ____________________ (search)
   [headerLogo.png]
     * Gov + Legislature
     * Election 2022
     * Criminal Justice
     * Courts
     * Schools
     * Housing
     * Social Justice

7:05

Brief

     * Courts
     * Gov + Legislature

In Brief

Bipartisan bill would end ‘stranger loophole’ for restraining orders

By: Nikita Biryukov - July 21, 2022 7:05 am

   Sen. Jon Bramnick says state law leaves few options for people who seek
   restraining orders against people they are not romantically involved
   with. (Courtesy of Sen. Bramnick)

   A bipartisan set of New Jersey lawmakers want to expand state law to
   allow stalking victims to get restraining orders against their
   harassers, even if they’re being stalked by a stranger.

   Restraining orders are meant to protect victims of domestic violence
   cases. They are civil orders and do not require criminal charges to be
   filed against the defendant, though such charges often accompany
   restraining orders.

   Under state statute, the only times restraining orders can be issued
   without a conviction are in domestic violence cases — meaning they can
   bar a family member or one-time significant other from contacting the
   victim — or in stalking cases involving minors or adults who cannot
   provide consent because of a disorder.

   While the individual provisions of a given order vary depending on the
   case, they can bar a defendant from contacting the victim and their
   friends or family members, block them from entering the victim’s home
   or place of work, and allow police to seize firearms belonging to the
   defendant, among other things.

   Sen. Jon Bramnick (R-Union) said he signed on as a co-sponsor after
   hearing from the family of a 27-year-old woman who, after receiving
   strange and threatening messages at all hours from a man she had never
   dated, was unable to get a restraining order against her stalker.

   “Long story short, she goes to the police station, the police say,
   ‘Well, you can’t get a restraining order. You’ve got to file criminal
   charges,’” Bramnick said. “Meanwhile, the police don’t do it, so you
   have to do it yourself.”

   The woman has since filed criminal charges, but the stalker is free to
   contact her while the trial is ongoing, the senator said.

   It’s possible for an adult stalking victim to get a restraining order
   against a stranger, but they must wait for their stalker to be
   convicted on related charges, such as harassment.

   “The sort of loophole here is where a conviction hasn’t taken place,
   and it’s also a stranger, so I think this would be an excellent
   addition to that body of law,” said Sen. Linda Greenstein
   (D-Middlesex), the bill’s prime sponsor.

   Alleged stalkers might be barred from contacting the victim by a
   separate judicial order — like a no-contact order, for instance — but
   breaching such accords doesn’t always carry the immediate criminal
   penalties attached to restraining order violations.

   If a defendant violates the restraints set by an order, they’re likely
   to face criminal contempt charges, which can carry a prison term of up
   to 18 months.

   The bill has been referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee, which may
   meet to confirm judges during legislators’ customary summer recess.
   That leaves a chance the bill could advance before lawmakers return to
   Trenton in earnest come September.

   GET THE MORNING HEADLINES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX
   (BUTTON) SUBSCRIBE

   X

Bipartisan bill would end ‘stranger loophole’ for restraining orders

   by Nikita Biryukov, New Jersey Monitor
   July 21, 2022

   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       
           
   			 
               
           
           
               SUBSCRIBE_______________________________________
           
       
       
   	___________________________________________________________
   
   ____________________________________________________________
    
   View Republishing Guidelines
   (BUTTON) Copy to clipboard
   1
   Creative Commons License
   (BUTTON) Republish

   Our stories may be republished online or in print under Creative
   Commons license CC BY-NC-ND 4.0. We ask that you edit only for style or
   to shorten, provide proper attribution and link to our web site. Please
   see our republishing guidelines for use of photos and graphics. Please
   see our republishing guidelines for use of photos and graphics.
   Nikita Biryukov

Nikita Biryukov

   Nikita Biryukov most recently covered state government and politics for
   the New Jersey Globe. His tenure there included revelatory stories on
   marijuana legalization, voting reform and Rep. Jeff Van Drew's decamp
   to the Republican Party. Earlier, he worked as a freelancer for The
   Home News Tribune and The Press of Atlantic City.
   MORE FROM AUTHOR

Related News

   On COVID's two-year anniversary in N.J., mixed reviews for Murphy and
   team On COVID's two-year anniversary in N.J., mixed reviews for… by
   Dana DiFilippo March 4, 2022
   Calls mount for increased funding for New Jersey's state parks Calls
   mount for increased funding for New Jersey's state… by Dana DiFilippo
   May 17, 2022
   Election officials can’t access federal funding for security as violent
   threats mount Election officials can’t access federal funding for
   security… by Kira Lerner August 21, 2022

A Watchdog for the Garden State

Democracy Toolkit //

   Register to vote | Find your polling place | Find your legislator |
   Contact your U.S. Representative | Contact your U.S. Senator
     * DEMOCRACY TOOLKIT
          + Register to vote
          + Find your polling place
          + Find your legislator
          + Contact your U.S. Representative
          + Contact your U.S. Senator

   [footerLogo.png]

   © New Jersey Monitor, 2023

ABOUT US

   New Jersey Monitor provides fair and tough reporting on the issues
   affecting New Jersey, from political corruption to education to
   criminal and social justice. We strive to hold powerful people
   accountable and explain how their actions affect New Jerseyans from
   Montague to Cape May.

   DEIJ Policy | Ethics Policy | Privacy Policy
   [ccwhite.png]

   Our stories may be republished online or in print under Creative
   Commons licence CC BY-NC-ND 4.0. We ask that you edit only for style or
   to shorten, provide proper attribution and link to our web site.
   DEIJ Policy | Ethics Policy | Privacy Policy
   © New Jersey Monitor, 2023
</text>
</page> §
</mot>
</langue>